: 'd to book a trip to Atlantis from Caprica Saturday , August 13 , 2016 8 adults I have a tight budget of 1700 . Wizard Hi ... I a few options for you , and unfortunately , we do not currently have any trips that meet this criteria . Would you like to book an alternate travel ? User : Yes how going to Neverland from Caprica on August 13 , 2016 for 5 adults . For this trip , my budget would be 1900 . Wizard : I checked the availability for this date and there were no trips available . Would you like to select some alternate dates ? User : I have no flexibility for dates ... but I can leave from Atlantis rather . How about that ? Wizard I the availability for that date were trips available . Would you like to select some alternate dates ? User : I suppose I 'll speak with my husband to see if we can other dates , and then I 'll come back you.Thanks for your help User : Hello I am looking to book vacation from Gotham City to Mos Eisley for $ 2100 . Wizard : Hi . Sorry , I ca n't trips from Gotham City to Mos Eisley for you . User : What about a trip from Gotham City to Neverland same budget ? Wizard : Sorry , can not find any leaving Gotham City . Could you suggest another nearby departure city ? User : any packages Mos be available if I increase my budget to $ 2500 ? Wizard : There are no trips available to Mos Eisley . User : You know what , I 'd like try and Neverland Wizard : I can not any available to Neverland . User : Do you have any trips from Gotham City to my original budget of ? I can book you a 3 day trip to leaving from Sapporo , Japan . Is this ok ? User : No , that 's too far for me . I need a flight that leaves from Birmingham . Wizard : I you a trip from Birmingham to Kobe for 2747.8 USD . User : How many days would I be in Kobe Wizard : You would arrive in Kobe August 17th and return to Birmingham on August 22nd . User : What would the price be if I shortened trip by day ? Wizard : can not find any trips Birmingham to Kobe for days . User : Ok , then I would like to purchase this package . What activities are included in this package Wizard : There are no listed for this package . You will be staying at the Ivory Legacy Hotel for 7 days . This hotel has a 4.5 star rating and free wifi . Will I go ahead and book this ? User : Yes , I would like to book this package . Wizard : Great Your flight departs from Birmingham at 9:00 am Wednesday , August 17th 2016 . Enjoy your trip , have booked this package for you . User Hello there i am looking to go a vacation with my family to Gotham City , can you help me ? Wizard when would you like to travel and many people will you ? User : Not sure when we want to leave , are 12 kids and 5 adults Wizard : do you have a budget ? User : yes i do it is around $ 2200 Wizard : where you be travelling ? User : We are from Neverland Wizard : We have nothing available leaving from Neverland , are you able to depart from another city ? User : we can depart from Toronto Wizard : Gotham City is not a destination travel to . Are you interested any destinations User : hmm what options would i have of Toronto ? : Would you be interested in Calgary ? User : would be nice Wizard : have a from Toronto to Calgary on August 17 returning on August 24 . Does that work for ? User : No sorry i was planning getting a tan this vacation . Thanks , is there anywhere else ? you is there anywhere else ? Wizard : How about a trip Dominican ? it is quite cheap at this time of year . : What options do have available for me Wizard : I have the el Mar hotel available Punta Cana this week . User : That sounds interesting . how stars does the hotel have ? Wizard : 2.5 stars . You would to fly out Melbourne though User Ahh ... maybe another User : Hi 'd like to go to Caprica from Busan , between Sunday August 21 , 2016 and August 31 , 2016 Wizard : And would be your maximum budget for trip ? User : it 's unlimited for this trip Wizard : How adults and how many children will be this trip User 2 adults Wizard : I have no to Caprica from Busan . I do have a , , one to Kingston , Canada , and another Toronto Canada . Would you to select alternate dates or an alternate travel destination User : Do you have anything for San Antonio as destination ? Wizard : , I do I one for 8445.37 USD . Would you to book this package ? The guest rating is and there is free parking and free wifi . Leaving Sunday , August 21st at 11:00 a.m. and returning , August 28th at a.m . User : included ? Wizard : Yes , is . User : That sounds . 1:00 am return on Sunday 28th very early in the morning ... Wizard : Would you like to book this package User : Yes I would . Thanks for your help . User Hello , I am looking to book a trip for 2 adults and 6 children for $ 21,300 or less . We departing from for Denver . Wizard : I have several options available within your . How long would like to travel for And do you have dates in ? User I do not have any in mind . I like spend as much time in Denver as my budget will Wizard : I can book 7 days at a 4.0 star hotel for 19028.93USD . I can also book 7 days at a 3.0 star hotel for 12824.84USD . User : Do these packages have different departure ? When would I be leaving for each of them ? Wizard : The 3.0 star leaves Kochi August 26 and returns August . The 4.0 star leaves August 27 from Kochi and September 1 . User : Ok , I would like to purchase the trip with the 4-star hotel . Wizard : Perfect , I will book that trip for you now . You will depart Kochi at 9:00 27 . Have a nice day . User : Thank you User Hey i Want to to St. Louis on the 17th of August Wizard : For how many days ? User : I need to back by the 31st Wizard : What will your departure city be ? User : ’ m from Calgary Wizard : I have a direct flight leaving from Calgary on August 18 and returning on August 28th . Does that work for you ? User : Yes that sounds perfect may you please tell about the destination place Wizard : It is the Glorious Cloak inn hotel in St. Louis It has a 3-star rating . User : That sounds lavish , type of flight would that be ? Wizard : You would be flying business class , for a grand total of $ 1858.14 User : Are there any possible flights with economy class ? Wizard : I have a package the Lunar whcih a 5 star rating class flight on the same dates $ 1558.00 User : that sounds even better . Wizard : This deal includes breakfast and free wifi . Would you like me book it for you User : Yes please , that sounds wonderful . thank you User : I 'm looking for a trip Gotham City leaving from Kakariko Village on , 13 , 2016 . 3 adults for no more than $ 2400 USD . have a trip available to Vancouver for these dates within your price range . Would you like to increase your budget or adjust the dates ? User : I 'd like to adjust the departure to Caprica . Wizard : Still no availability this destination Would you like to increase your budget or adjust the dates User The dates can not be changed . How about going to Theed with 14 , leaving from Kakariko Village on a budget of $ 2900 ? : Still no availability . User : Then I will bring my business elsewhere . Thank you . User : Hello , would like to book a 2-week trip leaving from Melbourne on August 27 . I would like go to Mannheim . : Have you got budget for this vacation User : do not have , however I would like to pick whichever package is . Could you offer me the cheapest package for each destination ? Wizard : I can book you 9 days in Mannheim for 3258.15USD at a 5 star hotel : Is there a package to Mannheim which offers a cheaper hotel ? I am flexible with my dates of arrival and departure Wizard : I am unable to find any cheaper packages for Mannheim : What would the cost be if I stayed 10 days in Mexico ? Wizard : You can stay in Mexico City for 8 days for 426.16USD leaving from Melbourne , USA . User : Actually I am from Melbourne , Australia . How does this affect the price of the trip ? Wizard : I not find trips available from Melbourne , Australia to Mexico City . : Could I purchase a package to Vancouver the one I was offered Wizard : I can not find any trips available from Melbourne , Australia to any This point of departure is not in my database . User : Ok , thank you for your time anyways User : , I am planning to book a trip to pittsborgh Wizard : Hello that Pittsborgh , Pennsylvania ? User : i think so ! Wizard : And what city will you be departing from ? User : We will leaving from Fukuoka Wizard : how many people will be travelling together ? User : there will be myself , 1 , and my four : Do you have specific dates in mind ? User : none at the moment Wizard : and for how long would you like to go for ? User : also not sure yet Wizard : I have no flights available Pittsburgh but I package available to User : I would like to see the availabilities in Vancouver please Wizard : I have several available . Do you have a budget in mind ? User : I have $ 12600 to spend on vacation Wizard : It would be you could me with some dates User : we are very flexible with dates anything would work Wizard : I am very sorry but I have nothing available at the moment User that ’ very unfortunate , you anyways User : Hi , I go to Mos for a wedding , leaving on Saturday , August 13 , 2016 and returning on Tuesday , August 16 , 2016 . Preferably for $ 3700 . Wizard Would you like to have a departure from specific location User : I 'd like to get from Monday , August 15 , 2016 to Wednesday , August 31 , 2016 . My budget is $ 3200 and I would leave from Detroit : And what destination would like to travel to ? User : , I 'm looking for an adventure . What do you have ? Wizard How about Mexico or Porto Alegre ? User : Let 's both Wizard : Mexico is unavailable . Porto Alegre is available , but you would have to from Santos . User : Can you please suggest some destinations that available ? I am leaving from Detroit Wizard : have no departures available from Detroit . for these dates . Would you like to make a date change ? User Anything between August 15 and August 31 ? Wizard : I 'm , but we do not have any departures from Detroit available for dates for the you provided . Would you like to adjust your budget for this trip ? User : No I can not . Thank your help User Good day , please book a trip from Vancouver , Jamaica to Recife . I would like to leave for 17 days on August . Wizard Would you like to travel to Vancouver , Canada from Dublin , USA ? User : No , I would like to depart from Vancouver , Jamaica the aforementioned destination . Wizard : I can book you an 8 day trip from Calgary to Vancouver Canada for 810.50USD . User : I would not like to travel to Vancouver , Canada . Do you have any trips to , Brazil ? Wizard : can book you a trip from Porto Alegre to Recife for 682.19USD . User : I will take any package you give me to any destination as long as it leaves from Vancouver . Wizard : I can book you a trip from , Canada to Toronto , Canada for 837.99USD . User If you can not book me a flight that leaves from Vancouver , Jamaica then I can not book a trip . Wizard : I can not you a trip leaving from Vancouver . User Actually I will departing from Vancouver , British Columbia , do you have Recife ? Wizard : I can book 11 days in Recife from for 2171.6USD . User Do you have any similar packages to Goiania ? Wizard : I can book 5 days in Goiania for 2190.68USD . User : What kind hotel would I be staying at in ? Wizard : 3.5 star for free wi-fi , free parking , and free breakfast . User : Would my room have a view of city ? How much would it cost to upgrade to a room with a view ? Wizard : I can not provide this information User : Ok , I 'm ready to buy this Wizard : Ok . I book this package for . You will be leaving Vancouver , Canada at 1:00 pm - Monday , August 15th 2016 and arriving in , Brazil at 10:16 - Monday , August 15th 2016 You will be staying at La Casa Del Amor Enjoy your trip . User : I was supposed to leave on August 24th . Do you have any packages that leave on that date Wizard : can book you 11 days in Recife Vancouver on August 27th for 3119.42USD . User : Actually I would to purchase the package to Recife . Wizard : Ok , I book you the package Recife that leaves , Canada on 15 . User : Thanks User : Hi im for a nice destination that i could go to from Columbus : I have 2 choices , Vancouver or Toronto . User : What options are there for both Wizard : I have a few . Do you a budget in mind ? User : $ 3700 is my budget at Wizard : I Obsidian Gem Inn in Vancouver which is 4-star hotel at $ 1934.64 or the Hotel Richard in Toronto which is hotel at $ 2393.00 . Both for a 14 day stay . User : Toronto seems like a better this of year , when would the flights be ? Wizard : I have a direct flight to Toronto departing August 15th returning on August 28th . Would you like me to book that for you User : would by chance have one leaving 19th Wizard : I have a flight available departing on August 24th and returning on September 6th : let ’ s go ahead and book this Wizard : you . User : thank you : Hi , I have a big family and we ca n't afford a big vacation , we want to go to Atlantis from Mos Eisley for at most Wizard : Do you have a preferred of dates for this trip ? User : Nope Wizard : And how many adults and how children are you bringing with you to Atlantis ? User : 12 adults one child . Wizard : 'm sorry , but we do currently have any packages available for destination . Do you have any other destinations that might like to to ? User : No , are visiting family in Atlantis . Can check more please ? Wizard : I 'm sorry , but I do not have any travel packages available for location . Are you quite sure that I can not interest you in another travel destination ? User : Yes , 'm quite sure . Thank you for your help . User : Hi , I 'm from Diagon Alley and going to Coruscant on a budget of $ 3400 . The dates do n't matter but I can afford anything over my budget . Wizard : And how many children and adults will you be bringing with you ? : Just myself . Wizard : I 'm sorry , but travel destination is not available . User : about Neverland on the same budget ? Wizard : Neverland is unavailable . Vancouver would be available , however . Would you like to select another location ? User : No I can not do another location . What if I increased my budget $ 400 ? Wizard : I am sorry , but we not have any trips available to the Neverland travel destination . User : nor Coruscant ? Wizard : Coruscant is not available . User : Ok thanks . User : Hi there , im from Vitoria and I want to go on vacation Wizard : where would you like to go ? User I would like to to Santo Wizard : would a 7 day trip work for you ? User : that sounds fine , looking to leave on the 19th Wizard : great , have a flight departing on the 19th and returning on the 25th of August User : what is the hotel like ? Wizard : It is called the Sierra Hotel and it a 3-star hotel that includes free breakfast , wifi and parking The total would be $ 2170.90 . User : what of flight is that going to be ? Wizard : It is an class User : let ’ s book please Wizard : Perfect Have a great trip . User : Thank you User : Hi , me and my family to take a trip to Kakariko Village . Wizard : How many adults and how many children will bringing with you ? Do have a preferred departure location ? What would be your maximum budget ? User : We are four adults 11 children departing Godric 's Hollow . 3500 is the we willing to spend . Wizard : I do not have any packages available from that departure location for that budget . Would you to adjust the budget ? User I not be to spend more than $ 4500 Wizard : Would like to suggest another departure location ? And what travel destination would you like to travel to ? User : We 'll catch a from Toronto then . We 're headed for Kakariko . Wizard : There are travel packages available to Kakariko Village . User : Ok , do you have any travel packages to Kingston , Canada for 11 kids and 4 adults , $ 3500 or less , departing from Toronto ? Wizard : Yes , I have a package available leaving Toronto at a.m. on August 24th and returning to Toronto at 4:00 a.m on August 30th . This package offers free , free , free parking . The of package is 3465.91 USD . Would you like to this package ? User : Do you any information on what activities are included in the package ? : I ca n't help you with that . User : Is this a direct flight to or do we have to make a transfer ? Are the tickets business class ? Wizard : The tickets Economy 'm sorry , we do not have any tickets available to Business Class this flight . Would like to book this ? : Yes , I it . Thank you User : Hi , I 'm looking for a trip from Thursday , August 18 , 2016 Thursday , September 8 , 2016 Mexico City I can look into options for you . Where would you like to depart from ? User : Kingston Wizard I can book 5 days in Mexico City from Kingston Canada 1226.20USD . Or , if you 're interested 12 days in Columbus for 1865.3USD . User : How many stars do the hotels have and what 's included the hotel ? Wizard : The Mexico City hotel is 3.0 stars with free breakfast and free wifi while the Columbus hotel is 2.5 stars parking and wifi . User : I prefer 3 stars and above . I 'm flexible with budget is there anything else in Columbo Wizard : I can you 12 days a 3.5 start hotel for 1942.52USD . User : 's looking good . I want to see a few more options before choose one . There 's nothing in Porto ? Wizard : You can spend 13 in Porto at a 3.0 star hotel for 2112.86USD . User : Porto would be great . Can you tell me more the hotel . Wizard : hotel Deluxe Hotel and has free breakfast and wifi . You can also stay at Amistad for , this hotel has a 3.5 rating as well with free breakfast wifi User : Excellent . I 'll stay at the Amistad for 13 days . Thanks for your help User : Hi im from Caprica looking to book a to Hyrule Wizard : Hello , am sorry but we do have anything available for those destinations Are you interested in other ? User Ya for sure , not sure where , see what fit my plans the 13th of august and the 16th Wizard : would you be interested in going to Vancouver Toronto ? User : How about if i leave fro Birmingham ? Wizard : I am sorry it 's a time of year and all I have available at the moment is Vancouver or Toronto . User : sure lets try Vancouver then Wizard : Do you have a date in mind User : I want to on the 13th of august and be the 16th Wizard : Do you have a date in mind ? User I want to leave on the 13th Wizard : I have nothing available on the 13th . I do something from the 17th to the 25th of August . User : you none of these are meeting my requests . i will go with another service . Thank you . User : man , imma leave from Godric 's Hollow on August 27 , 2016 go to Goiania Ca n't pay more than 4300USD . Watcha got ? Wizard Hello , how people will be travelling to Goiania ? User : Just me Wizard : I can not find any trips to Goiania leaving from Godric 's Hollow . there another nearby city you could from User : yeah how about Montreal ? Wizard : I can book you 11 days in Goiania for 3374.42USD . Are you interested ? User : that 's leaving on August 27th Wizard : You will leave Montreal on Tuesday , August 16th 2016 . User : nothing closer the 27th ? Wizard : I can book 11 days at the same 3549.83USD leaving on August 25 . User : ya that 's awesome . I 'll book it . thanks man . Wizard : Ok , I will book that trip . Enjoy . User : HI im from Alexandria looking to book a 12 day vacation Wizard : I only have flights available to Vancouver , Canada at moment . Would that ? User : no sorry that wouldn ’ t . I will look elsewhere thank you ! User Hi im from termina can we find a vacation that starts on the 13th ? Wizard : The earliest available flight I leaves on September 20th , leaving from Dallas with Vancouver , Canada as a destination . User How about if i leave from Vancouver where would be able to go ? Wizard Either Calgary or Toronto . User if i were to leave from columbus Wizard : From , I flights available to Toronto Vancouver . User : do we have for ? Wizard : From I have packages available to Calgary or Vancouver . I am only showing the packages . Perhaps if you give me your budget , I can find other exciting destinations . User : i have a budget of $ 3000 , and ’ s say that i leave from Mexico Wizard : I apologize , but from Mexico , the only available destinations are Toronto or Vancouver . Perhaps if we change your dates User : no that is all you i will try another . you User : Hi . 'm looking for an from Thursday , August 18 Saturday , September 3 . I 'm thinking of going to Fortaleza . Yes , with free breakfast of course . I 'm leaving Essen . Wizard : I can book 8 days in Fortaleza for 2026.51USD , 9 days in Ciudad Juarez for , 9 days Burlington for 2119.26USD or 9 days in Aires for 2085.15USD . of these options have free breakfast . User : Can you tell me more about the package ? : I can book 8 days in Fortaleza for 2026.51USD . User : How many is the hotel ? : The hotel in is with a user rating of 7.15 stars User : Is free wifi ? Wizard : There is free wifi and free parking in addition to free breakfast . User : I like the package . How about the Ciudad Juarez and Burlington packages , there free wifi and parking in addition to breakfast ? Wizard : The hotel in Ciudad Juarez has free parking and wifi , but the hotel Burlington does not offer free parking . It does , , have free wifi . User : book the Fortaleza package please . Wizard : You leave Essen at 10:00 am - , August . Thank you for service . User : Perfect . Thank you for help User : Hi , my name is Harry Potter and I 'd like to to Hogsmeade leaving from Kakariko Village on Saturday , August 13th for 3 nights with 11 friends . Wizard : I can book 6 days at Obsidian Gem Inn in Vancouver , Canada for 10540.39USD . Would you like to from Dallas , USA ? User : ? No . I 'm looking for a to Hogsmeade with 11 of my friends . Wizard I can offer you a trip for 12 adults is 6 days at Obsidian Gem Inn in Vancouver , Canada for 10540.39USD . I go ahead and book this ? User : I 'll have to talk about it with friends and get back to you . Thank you help . Wizard : Goodbye User : Hi looking to on vacation on 13th of august Wizard : Our best right now is to Vancouver , Canada . : How about Naples Wizard : and which city will you be departing from ? User : Vancouver Wizard Perfect , any idea how long you would like to spend in Naples and when you would like to depart ? User : planning on a three day get away from the 13th to the 16th of August Wizard : I have an availability on August 19th and it is for 6 day stay . Are okay with that ? User : ya that sounds interesting can you tell me more about package ? Wizard : You would be staying at the Courtyard Resort which is a 3-star hotel , breakfast wifi included . flight is a direct flight from Vancouver to Naples on economy class . The total cost $ 2349.83USD . User : are there any other Hotels ? Wizard : There is also the Tower Hotel which is a 4-star hotel , but that one is only available from August 24th to August 28th . User : How much would Wizard : $ 2016.37USD User : and is that flight in Business ? Wizard : No it would in economy class User : can we upgrade it ? Wizard : Absolutely . The new price would work out to $ 2568.35USD . Would you like me book that for you User : please that sounds Thank You ! User : Hi . I live in Busan and I 'd like to go to Las Vegas from Wednesday August 17 Monday September . What 's available ? Wizard : I get you 7 days in Vancouver , Canada for 2742.44USD . Does this interest ? User : Perhaps another time , I 'm really looking for Vegas . Wizard : Do have a budget in mind ? User : Around 3000USD Wizard : You can book days in Cairo for 2532.89USD . I can not anything in Las Vegas , within your budget . User : How much is a to Punta Cana ? Wizard : I can book 12 in Punta Cana for 3506.84USD . User : I 'd like to the Cairo and Punta Cana packages . What are the hotels , how stars , free , free breakfast ? Wizard : In Cairo would be staying at Mellow Horizon Inn & Suites . It has a 3.0 star rating free wifi , breakfast , and parking . In Punta Cana you would be at Atlantis Gorge . It has 2.5 star with free wifi and breakfast . User : I 'd like to book the Cairo package . Thank you ! Wizard : Ok , I will book this package . your trip . User : Hello , I want to leave from Seoul on August 27 and return on September 9 . can to Manaus . Wizard : Do you have a maximum budget for this travel package ? User : No budget , I show me an array of packages with varying Wizard : Only one travel package for Mainaus is available for a departure on August 27th at 8:00 a.m . The hotel is very good , with a 6.77/10 guest rating . However , the is August 31st at 1:00 for travel package . I have no other locations available these departure and arrival dates . Would like to book this travel package ? User Would I be staying in a room with an ocean front ? How much would it cost to upgrade to such a room : I sorry , I not that information : Does hotel have a gym which guests can access ? Wizard : Yes there is a . Would you like to book this travel ? User : Please Thanks User : I 'm a polygamist and I 'd like to travel my 6 partners and 1 child to Juan from Pittsburgh on a budget of 6600 USD Wizard : I book 8 in Pittsburgh for adults and 1 child for 6067.58USD . Would you like hear more options ? User : Can you tell me much the hotel is per night , in case we a last minute decision to stay one more night ? Wizard : The hotel in Pittsburgh would cost 6067.58USD to stay from August to August 24 . User How much would it from August 17th to August ? Wizard : sorry , I not find any options available in Pittsburgh for 17 to August 25 that depart San Juan . : Ok I 'll book the with 8 days in Pittsburgh from August 17th to the 24th . Thank . Wizard Booking that package for you now - a day User Hi send me on a 10 day-trip away from Cairo I 'd like to leave August 15 . Send me to Sendai . Money is not Wizard : How adults and how many will be travelling ? User : Just me , one adult Wizard : I have trip to Sendai from August 15th at 11:00 a.m. to August 22nd at 7:00 a.m . The guest rating is 8.49/10 . You 'll be flying economy User : Would you be able me which I would be flying with ? Wizard No , but I confirm that you be flying Economy . User : Would it be to upgrade to first class ? Wizard : can offer you another package . If you on August , I can offer you a with a guest rating of 8.8/10 and you could fly Business Class . The flight would leave from Cairo on Wednesday 17th at a.m. and return Wednesday , August 24th at 7:00 a.m In addition , hotel has free wifi . Would you like to book this travel package ? User Could you tell me if either of these ? Wizard : No I do not have access to this information . Would to book travel package anyway ? User : Yes would like to book this package User : Good afternoon , 'd like to book a trip with son from August 18 to August 29 . and I be leaving from Curitiba . destinations can you offer ? : can offer days in Hamburg for 3550.41USD . You would return on August 28th User : Goodness that 's too expensive . Is there anything you can offer around $ 2600 ? Wizard : can also offer 10 days in Vancouver , Canada for 4319.83USD , 9 days in Frankfurt for 4615.35USD or 12 days in Paris for 4771.39USD . User Is there anything for 2600USD between dates of August 18 and August 29th ? For less than 10 days ? : Would you be in spending 9 days in Manaus 1162.21USD ? User : Fantastic ! What are departure and arrival dates ? Wizard : You would depart on Friday , August 19th and return Saturday , August 28th . User : What the hotel , and how many stars it ? Wizard : The hotel called Hotel and has a 2.5 star rating . I can also offer you 5 days at Scarlet Palms Resort , a 3.5 star rating hotel , for 1358.78USD . User : like the Scarlet Palms Resort . What the departure and arrival dates ? Wizard : You will Wednesday , August 24th 2016 and return home on Sunday , August 28th 2016 : Is there an indoor pool at the hotel ? Wizard : There is free wifi and breakfast at the hotel . User : I 'll book this one . Wizard : Sure thing . I will book 5 days at the Scarlet Palms for one adult and one child . Thank you . User : Thank ! User : Hi , my family and i are booking a trip to Sacramento , can you help us ? Wizard : Sure , where would you be flying out of ? User : we would be coming from Diego : How many people will you be ? User there will be 3 kids and myself ( an adult ) Wizard Are there any specific dates you would like to for ? User : really Wizard : how long would you like to ? User : on the package we get Wizard : do you have a in mind ? User : im willing to at $ 4200 Wizard : I have something available at the Luxury Hotel which is a 5-star hotel for 2672.25 departing on Aug 19th returning on August 26th . Is this suitable ? : yes actually that would be wonderful can the flight ? Wizard : Of course you can , the price would be $ 3064.23USD Would you like me to book for you ? User : yes please that sounds perfect ! Thank you . : Hi I need a from Gotham City , the crime rate is just too high . I 'd like to go to Hogsmead with 3 kids and adults . Wizard : I can not find any trips from Gotham City to Hogsmead . What about Dallas to Vancouver ? User : No thank you , in that case I will stay in Gotham City . for your help . Wizard : Goodbye . : Hello , I have 15 vacation days available between June 1st and August 31st . I am leaving from Theed . I would like to go somewhere with lots of sunshine . Wizard : I have no departures available Theed . Would you like to pick another departure travel location ? User : Do you have any departures from , Japan ? : No I do n't . Would you like to select location ? User : How about Birmingham City ? Wizard Sure . Would you like to go to Mexico City ? I have a flight available on Wednesday , August 17th at 10:00 a.m. to Tuesday , August 23rd at 4:00 . User : What my options for hotels ? Wizard : The best hotel I have is a 3.0 star hotel with a 6.91/10 rating . The flight for this travel package would be from Monday August 15th at 10:00 Sunday , August 21st at 4:00 a.m . The hotel has free parking and free wifi . Would you like to book this package ? User : How much this package be ? offer me a cheaper hotel Wizard : The cost of this package is 1644.98 . Would you like to book this travel package ? User Could you show me hotels with lower guest ratings and lower prices ? Wizard : Here are a couple of options . The first is a 3.0 star hotel ( the Tropic ) , with a guest rating of 6.77/10 and a business class flight The cost is 1002.27 USD . Or , if you prefer , you could choose the same 3.0 star hotel with a guest rating of 6.77/10 the Tropic ) and an economy flight , for 812.69 User : What other destinations could you offer me if I 'm departing from Birmingham City ? Wizard : I could offer you Vancouver , British Columbia , or Porto Alegre , Brazil . Which would you prefer ? User : How much are the packages to city ? Wizard : Would you like a more or a less expensive package ? User : I would like to see both options , along with the offered Wizard : I could offer you the package to Porto Alegre , Brazil for 2572.16 USD . The hotel would be the Deluxe Hotel ( which has a guest rating of 8.69/10 ) the to Vancouver British Columbia for 477.93 USD The hotel would Parallel Carnaval Bed & Breakfast ( which has a rating of 8.86/10 ) User : I can extend my vacation time to the 14th of September , does this open up any new ? Wizard : I have an even better option available for you You could travel to Vancouver Canada for $ 511.80 USD . You would stay at the Western Ridge . It is a 4.0 star hotel with 10/10 guest rating . If , however , you would really like to travel to Mexico City I have great for you at only 1168.35 USD . You would stay the Exalted Willow Resort & Suites . It is a star hotel with a 8.37/10 guest rating . Which would you prefer ? User : Could tell me which of these resorts free wifi ? Wizard : Both have wifi User I am also inquiring about the previous offered Wizard : of them do . User : Could you let me know class I would be flying in for each destination Wizard : Would you prefer to fly Business Class or Economy ? User : I would prefer to fly economy Wizard : The flight to Vancouver and the flight to Mexico City are Economy flights . User : Then I would to travel to Vancouver and stay at the Ridge User : Hello ! live in Munich and I 'd like to any kind of trip between Monday , August 15th and Friday August 26th for 3 and 3 kids . : I can book 8 days in Toronto 5844.99USD , 8 days in Vancouver , or 8 in Calgary for 11900.25USD . any of these destinations interest you ? User I have a budget of 2800 USD ... you have anything cheaper ? for a shorter duration ? Wizard : I can book 9 days in Hamburg for 1296.31USD , 5 days in Rome for 1502.94USD , 5 in Stuttgart for 2370.61USD , 6 days in Mannheim for , 9 in Paris for 2505.13USD , 6 days in Frankfurt for 2762.18USD . User : I 'll 6 days Mannheim . Wizard : I can upgrade your flights to business class for a total of 2715.60USD . Would you like that ? User : Yes perfect . How is the hotel ? Wizard : The hotel is 5 stars and includes free wifi with an onsite spa . User : Perfect ! I will book this one . Wizard : You will depart Munich at 9:00 am - August 17th and Mannheim at 3:00 am - August 22nd . I will book this trip The Regal for you . User : Thank you ! User : Hi im from cana to go on a trip Wizard : Where would you like to travel to ? User : Im thinking to Fukuoka Wizard : Did you have any specific dates in mind ? User : maybe the 15th of August until the 20th Wizard : How many people will be travelling with you ? User : just myself Wizard : would the to the 18th work for ? User : where would i be staying ? Wizard : HOTEL Sugoi in Fukuoka User : what is the rating Wizard It is a 3-star hotel and your package includes free wifi User : and what if i were to go to Essen ? Wizard : I have a couple of choices in Essen . Are you looking for a 2-star or a 3-star option ? User : The three star Wizard : Your best would be the Relaxation Hotel which is a 3-star hotel and includes breakfast and wifi . It is available either from August 15th to August 27 or August to 2nd . Do either one of those dates fit into your schedule ? User : dates don ’ t look like they would be compatible my schedule Hey , about going to hiroshima ? Wizard : I apologize , I have nothing available to Hiroshima Would like me to explore other options ? User : Is there a flight to Santiago : I several that suit your dates .. Your stay would be at the Una casa which is a hotel and includes free breakfast , wifi and parking should wish to rent a car and explore the surrounding areas . The flight departs on August 15th and returns the 20th . User : can you compare the price of this and the one package in St. Wizard : package to Santiago is $ 2455.37 as opposed to the package to Essen which be 3016.94 . Please keep in mind the trip to Essen is a longer trip though . User : and how much is to Fukuoka and what are the dates ? Wizard : That package was $ 3794 based on class . It departed on August 15th with a return date of August 18th . User : which of these have the best rated hotels Wizard : In Fukuoka , hotel is a 3-star , in Essen have the of a 2-star at 3016.94 or a 3-star at $ 3073.16 and in Santiago the hotel has a 3-star rating User : it seems to me that the packages in Essen are the best offer . So are the dates ? Wizard : Are interested in the 2-star option or the option ? User : the hotel seems to be best how much would it to book a business class flight ? Wizard : you are looking for a business class flight , I only one that has the . It would be the Motel which is the 2-star hotel and is only available from August 26 to September 1st The total for that package is 3314.99 . User : If i were to choose economy class what it be ? Wizard : At the 2-star Motel Ivory Safari , for original departure date of August 15 it is $ 3016.94 . At the 3-star Relaxation Hotel , it is $ . Is Essen your final choice for destination ? User : yes i believe it will be . lets book the 3 star hotel Wizard : Fantastic . Let get all your information that we finalize reservation . User : sounds perfect ! thank ! User : Hey ! You can help me by a trip to Philadelphia from Maceio . Wizard : Philadelphia you can stay at a 2.5 star hotel for 11 days . for Fukuoka , 11 at a 2.5 star cost 4719.74USD . I can offer 14 days in Essen for 3787.14USD ; this would be at a 2.0 star . days at 2.0 star hotel in San Antonio would cost 2311.48USD . User : Let 's start with Philadelphia , much is it I upgrade to business class ? : For this hotel in Philadelphia , it would cost 3340.56USD to travel from Maceio by business class . User : And for a star hotel ? Wizard : Sorry , I only have 2.5 star hotels available in Philadelphia . User : Let 's see about Fukuoka upgraded to business class and a star hotel . Wizard : I have a 3.5 star in Fukuoka Oceanside Hotel . It has a guest rating of 8.22/10 . could book a class trip for 11 days at 6228.88USD . : Is this hotel in the downtown area of the city ? Wizard : I do not the of The Hotel within city of Fukuoka sorry User Is there a spa in the hotel ? Wizard : There is in hotel , but there is free wifi . User : I will keep this option in mind . Essen , do you have than 14 days ? Wizard : Do you have a length of stay in mind ? User : Around 11 days . Wizard : Sorry , am only coming up with 14 trips to Essen Perhaps nearby departure city would work ? User : Good idea . What about Canoas ? Wizard : It Canoas is not in my database . User : What about porto alegre Wizard : I have multiple 5 day available from Porto Essen . User : I prefer 11 days Wizard : Do you have a departure date mind ? Or an approximate departure date ? User : Anytime in the month of September Wizard : Unfortunately I have 5 days leaving Porto available at this time . User : In that case , let 's go back to the Fukuoka 11 day package . Wizard : Would you me to explore your Fukuoka options leaving Porto Alegre ? User : Yes please . Wizard : I can offer 13 days in Fukuoka for 5777.48USD . User : In that case , I will take the 11 day package . One thing , is there free breakfast ? : The 11 day trip to Fukuoka Maceia is during August . However , the Oceanside Hotel does provide free breakfast ! User : I 'll book this one Thank you , friend ! Wizard : Great , you ! User Good afternoon . I like to book a business trip to York Mannheim What can you ? Wizard : Certainly . What date you business in Mannheim so I can accommodate your schedule ? User : Dates are flexible , but I have a company budget of 3100 USD . I 'd like to either in August or September . Wizard : Great . I have a 5 star hotel available for 2097.76USD . User : how much will it cost ? Wizard : The above leaves 17th and returns August 27th . To leave August 27th and return on September 6th , the price would be 2582.47USD . User : about leaving around September 13th ? : You could leave September 16th and return September 26th for 2753.45USD User : I prefer the one leaving on August 17th . there free wifi Wizard : The Regal Resort has free wifi as well as spa to after business meetings ! User : That sounds very nice . Does the package include a business class flight ? Wizard : 2097.76USD is the cost for Economy flights . To upgrade to Business class would cost 2674.43USD . Would you like to book this with Business class flights ? User : Yes I would ! Wizard : Perfect . depart from New York at 2:00 pm - Wednesday August 17th 2016 . User : is the time of arrival ? Wizard : You will arrive in Mannheim at - Wednesday , August 2016 . User : Great ! And the time at which will be departing from Mannheim to return to nyc ? Wizard : You will leave Mannheim at 8:00 Saturday , 27th 2016 and arrive in New York 4:16 pm - Saturday , August 27th User : Excellent . There is a possibility that I may need to bring a co-worker with me . How much the trip cost for 2 people ? Wizard : a second person on this trip , with both of you flying business class , the cost would be 5348.87USD User : see . In that case I will book this trip only for today . Wizard : Ok. Have a good day User : It was a pleasure ! Thank you . User : I like a vacation for one Mannheim from August 17 to September 7 . My of departure Porto Alegre . It should less than $ 3000 . Wizard : I do not have a travel package Mannheim from Porto Alegre for these travel dates . I do however , have packages August 17th to the 29th . Would these dates work for you ? User How much would this package cost ? Wizard : I have two . The first option is a travel package which costs 2314.59 USD . The package 2981.83 USD . Which one would you prefer ? User If I increase my budget to $ 6000 , does that open up any from August 17 to September 7 ? Wizard : I still have only two packages available August 17th to September . Would you to try a different travel destination ? User : other destinations can you offer me with these dates ? Wizard : I have no other destinations available for these dates Would you like to change the start date or the end date ? : Are there packages for two-week trips within these dates ? Wizard : I have two possible packages for you . Atlanta , United States , to Indianapolis , States or Brasilia , Brazil to Vancouver , Canada . would you prefer ? : both of packages to Porto still available if my with me ? Wizard : The only package which would be available would Atlanta , United States to Vancouver , Canada . I have two packages available for you : one for $ 2182.70 , another for $ 2326.54 Would you like me to describe these two packages for ? User : Yes , please . Wizard : The first travel package an Economy flight from Atlanta , United States to Vancouver , Canada at p.m. on August 11th , and an Economy flight from Vancouver , Canada to Atlanta , United States at 10:00 a.m on August 14th . The cost $ 2182.70 includes a 4 star hotel with a 8.8/10 . User : What is the second package Wizard : The second travel package is an Economy flight from , United States to Vancouver , Canada at 6:00 p.m. on Friday , August , and Economy flight from Vancouver , Canada to Atlanta , United States at 10:00 a.m. on Monday , August 22nd . The cost of $ includes a 4 star with guest rating of 8.8/10 . like to book this travel package ? User : I would like to book the first package to Vancouver User : Hi I am planning on booking a vacation soon , around 27th Wizard : Do you have an idea of you would like to go ? User : I was thinking maybe St. Louis Wizard : what city will you be departing from ? Any other people travelling with ? User : I will be departing from Tijuana . 'll be going solo Wizard : I have several options available . A good option would be Chateau Inn & Suites which is a nicely located 3-star hotel . Departure on economy flight would August 27th , returning on 5th . Total cost for this package is 1324.29 . It is also in business class . User : what type of packages would i if i were to go to Mannheim instead ? Wizard : If you would rather to Mannheim , I have 6 day available at a 5-star hotel called The Regal Resort . User : im looking for a longer , would there perhaps be one in san antonio ? Wizard : I have 9 day trips available in San Antonio but the departure dates are all in September . Are you able to go in September instead of August 27th ? User : yes i could as long as return by September 17th Wizard : I have departures available on September 1st , September 7th and September 8th . I have two choices - the Inn or the Winter Hill , both of which are rated two stars . User : What would the be ? and could I see some better rated hotels ? Wizard : Availability Sept 1st to the 9th , Sept 7 to the 15th and Sept 8th to the 16th . I not have any hotels with better rating . Please do note that both hotels have free parking , breakfast and free wifi . you looking for a flight in economy class or business class ? User : they seem very accommodating , how much would this stay on the 1st be compared a vacation in mannheim at the regal resort ? Wizard : or business class ? User : for class Wizard : For business class at the Vertex Inn in San Antonio Sept 7 to 15th , the price is $ 1477.34 . User : in contrast to mannheim Wizard : Also in business class in San Antonio , I have the Winter either from Sept 1st to 9th or Sept 8th to the at 1477.00 . Business class to the Regal Mannheim is $ 3451.00 if you choose to go Aug 27 to Aug 31st if you pick the week Sept 6th to the 10th , is $ 4249.00 . User : I think i would to book the to mannheim , leaving on the 27th Wizard : Okay I will get your information and will proceed with the booking . We appreciate business . User : thank you very User Hi ! Hogsmeade has some excellent bars . Can me trip there from Diagon Alley , leaving on August 13th ? For 7 men and women Wizard : Hi there ! am searching trips available to Hogsmeade but am unable to find any possibilities . Is there another destination you might be interested in ? User : , we were thinking Dominican Republic could be fun as well . Wizard : Ok . I will look for trips to Dominican . Do you have another option for a departure city ? User : Yes , Vancouver . Wizard : Great ! Where would you like to travel to ? User : Punta Cana good ! Wizard : Great . I can book a trip for 7 people travelling from Vancouver to Punta Cana for 3853.27USD . User : that 's just little over my budget ... what about for 3 instead of 7 ? Wizard : For three adults , this trip would cost 1651.40USD . User : The trip meant be a bachelor party for my friend . is there an open bar at hotel ? Wizard : I do not have this information for the El Mar hotel in Punta Cana . User : How many stars it ? Wizard : 2.5 User : Let 's try stars . Wizard : I 'm having trouble finding star hotels in Punta Cana you . Perhaps if you provided a departure and/or return date I could narrow things ? User : End of August , anytime after the 22nd August . : I am only able to find hotels with 2.5 star rating in Cana for time . User : 2.5 stars will do . Can you offer activities ? Wizard : Unfortunately I am not able to provide this . User : How breakfast ? Wizard : El Mar does not provide . User : Are there other hotels in the area that do ? : I am unable to find other hotels in Punta Cana offer breakfast . User : In that case I will book first one for 1651 . 40 USD . : Great ! You will leave Vancouver at 10:00 am - Wednesday , August 24th . User : When do we leave ? Wizard : You will leave Vancouver at am - Wednesday , August 24th . User : leave Punta Cana ? : You will leave Punta Cana at 4:00 am - , August 30th . User : Great ! I 'll book this one Thank you Wizard : Great ! Thank you : Hi ! Wizard : To start , just give me some on where you 'd like to travel , your budget , your point of departure , or any other travel info can think of . User : Ok ! I 'm looking for a trip from August 19th to September 3rd , and I 'm thinking going to Mexico City . would be from Busan . Wizard : I 've got some options available for . Will you be travelling alone ? User : Yes ! For the first time . Wizard : Ok I 5 days at a 3 star hotel available for 3259.79USD . What do you ? User : nice . What is the name of the hotel ? Wizard : The hotel is called Sublime Echo . User : Does it a view of the ocean ? Wizard : I not sure User : Great ! you know if there is free wifi breakfast ? Wizard There free parking and free wifi , but no free breakfast . User : are the departure dates ? Wizard : You Busan at 7:00 am - Wednesday , August 24th and depart from Mexico City at 1:00 am - Saturday , August 27th . I also have a free breakfast hotel available for 4002.28USD which leaves Busan at 7:00 am - Saturday , August 27th User : The option is many days ? Wizard : second option is 5 days . User : I 'll the second Mexico City option in mind I have some other places that I 'd like to consider . Wizard : Ok ! Where would you like to go : What about Santo Domingo for the same ? : I can get you hotel in Santo for 2446.15USD . User : 5 Wizard : 9 days actually . User : With breakfast Wizard : Free breakfast , wifi , and parking ! User : Amazing ! This one is already looking better than Mexico City . What are departure and dates and times ? Wizard : It is a great deal ! You would depart Busan at 11:00 am - Wednesday , and leave Santo Domingo at 1:00 am - Wednesday , August 31st . User : That sounds great to me . I have other cities that I 'd like to consider . Let 's start with Toronto . What can you get me for the same dates with ? Wizard : Ok ! I can get you 7 days in Toronto for 2732.81USD . User : I like the sound of that . are the departure and arrival dates and times for this ? Wizard 9:00 am - Wednesday , August 17th you would leave Busan and arrive in Toronto at 9:04 pm of same day . Your return trip would depart from Toronto at 1:00 am on Monday , August 22nd and arrive in Busan at 1:04 pm that day . User : . Can you see what 's available in Athens ? Wizard : Would you like hear only options free breakfast in Athens ? User : Yes please ! Wizard : Unfortunately I have available in Athens with free breakfast within your date range . However I can get a hotel with free parking wifi for 3998.37USD . User : Not interested . Let 's go back to the Toronto package . many stars ? Wizard : For the priced at 2732.81USD in Toronto the hotel has a 4 star rating . User : Does it have spa ? Wizard : is no spa . User : I will still book the package . I ca n't wait : Ok ! I will book that package for you Enjoy User : Great thank you so much ! User : We are 3 adults and three kids looking for vacation August 18 and 4 : I have several different flights to Vancouver , Canada during this travel period . Would you like leave on the or the 27th ? User : How much does each option cost ? Wizard : I have two for you : one costs $ 4253.69 and the other costs $ 5295.89 . Which would you prefer User : What kind of hotel offered for each ? Wizard : Both hotels are 4.0 star hotels with ratings . User : What kind of flight is offered for each Wizard : These are both Economy flights . User : I can increase my budget by $ 200 , does open up any new options Wizard No . User : Are there any other flights to Vancouver the same time from another departure city ? Wizard : How do you feel about Dallas User I would to depart from Baltimore Wizard : You can only go to Toronto Calgary , or Kingston Canada from Baltimore . Which would you prefer ? Do you have preferred travel dates ? User Any time between August 18 and September 4 . Wizard : I can offer you a 2.5 star hotel with a guest rating of 6.37/10 or a 3.0 star hotel with a guest rating of 8.86/10 . Which would you prefer ? : For which destination ? Wizard Kingston has the 2.5 star hotel and Toronto has star hotel . Or I can offer you 4.0 star hotel with a 0/10 you would like to travel to Calgary User : How much each of these packages cost ? Wizard Package number # to Kingston costs 6251.33 USD , Package number # 2 Toronto costs $ 5695.54 , and number # 3 to Calgary costs 6494.94 USD . User : What class would be flying in for each these destinations ? All three flights are Economy flights . If you would like a Business Class flight , I can offer you one to Calgary . The cost of this travel package be USD . you more information on this option ? User : I would to buy the Toronto package User : hi I ’ m looking to go on a trip to Caprica Wizard I apologize we have nothing available to Caprica . Are there any other destinations that interest you ? User : It seems that that ’ work well for as i to go . , bye User : Hi ! 'd like to go to Boston from Eisley on August 15th . Wizard : Hey there ! I 'm having trouble finding trips to Mos Eisley for that date . How about a trip to Vancouver instead ? User : Not Vancouver anything for Porto Alegre ? Wizard : Sure I can book you 14 days in Porto Alegre , you would leave August 18th . Is this ok User : What about if I leave from Rome instead of Mos Eisley ? Wizard I can book you 6 days in Boston for 2390.12USD if you leave from Rome User : Is departure on the 15th of August ? Wizard : Departure is on August 27th that price . User I need to leave on 15th of August Wizard : When would you like to return ? : I do n't have a date mind . Wizard : Do you another departure option ? User : nope Wizard : Sorry , I have no trips to Boston leaving from those destinations on August 15th . User : What about Alegre ? Wizard : I have trip to Porto Alegre that leaves from Rome on August . It is 12 days long . User : much is it ? Wizard : or 3344.57USD depending on the hotel . User : I should have mentioned earlier , we are 6 . : Oh ! In that case the cost ranges from 20009.92USD to . User : That 's way too much ! I have a budget ! Wizard : Sorry , I can anything in Porto Alegre 6 adults at that price . User : Ok thank you your help , friend . User : Hi im looking to make a quick trip im from tampa and want to go Dallas Wizard : Do you have any particular dates in mind ? User not really Wizard : for how long would like to go for ? User : not Wizard : I a reasonably 13 day package available at Winter Arc . You travel either economy or business class . User : that nice what activities are at the hotel ? Let 's see what the for economy is Wizard : The package includes breakfast and free . many will you be ? User : be 1 child and 7 Wizard : I have availability for that many people from August to August 27th The price in economy is $ 3822.00 and business it $ 4219.00 . Does that work for you ? User : we would like the package please Wizard : Perfect ! The flight departs at 4:00pm on August 15 and the return flight is at 11:00am on August 27th We go ahead and get that for you . User : thank you very much sounds perfect ! User : Hi im from Leon and looking to get away Wizard : Do you have a special destination in mind ? User : Maybe milan Wizard : Any specific dates in mind ? : 18th . until september 2nd : For , I have a trip available departing on Aug 19 and returning on the 23rd For Naples , I a trip departing on August 19 and returning August . User : what are the hotels like in these two places Wizard : In Milan I have the Pink Star Hotel is a nice 4-star hotel with breakfast and wifi included . In Naples , I have the Courtyard resort with a 3-star rating and the Tower Hotel , which a 4-star , both of which also include breakfast and wifi . User : what are the differences for the two 4 star hotels Wizard : will you be flying business class or economy ? User : let ’ s say packages in respect to business class Wizard : For the 4-star Pink Star hotel in Milan , business class flight , 7 day stay the price $ 987.81 . For the 4-star Tower Hotel in Naples , a 5 is $ 838.33 User like Naples is little too packages are there Hamburg ? : In Hamburg , in a 4-star hotel for a 10 day stay flying business class , I have the Traveller Inn at 1069.88 and the Vortex at $ 1098.63 . User i would rather go to milan . i would to the package the 4 stars Wizard : So just to , you will go with the Pink Star hotel in Milan from Friday August 16 the 25th , business class at of $ 987.81 , correct ? User perfect lets book it . thank you ! User : I 'd like to go to Manaus from Miami between August 19th and September 2nd . Wizard : ! How many people in your party ? User : Myself and two colleagues : Ok ! can book you days in Manas for 5775.3USD . How that sound ? User : That 's great What are the dates Wizard : You would leave Miami on Friday , August 19th and return on Wednesday , 24th . User : Excellent ! For 3 people ? Wizard : That 's right ! User : What amenities does the have ? Wizard : hotel offers free breakfast , wifi , and parking . : Perfect . I 'd like to also compare prices for a trip to Kobe between the same dates . Wizard : Absolutely ! The of you could spend 5 days in Kobe for 1735.50USD . User : What are the departure and arrival dates and times ? Wizard : You would leave for Kobe at 8:00 am on , August 27th and arrive at 9:21 am on the same day . Upon return , would leave for Miami at 3:00 am on Wednesday , August 31st to arrive home that morning at 4:21 am . User Looking good so far . What amenities does this hotel have ? Wizard : has free breakfast and free wifi . User : And how many stars Wizard : The hotel rating is 3 stars . User : What about the hotel in Manas ? : The hotel in Manas is 2.5 stars . User The Kobe package considerably less expensive , I 'll go with that one . Wizard : Great ! I will go and book that for you . : Thank you User I am one person voyaging to Tampa . I can depart from Indianapolis . Must be between 20th and 31 August . Wizard : Do you have a budget for this travel package ? User : No , and I have expensive taste Wizard : Between the 20th 31st of August , I have packages to Vancouver , Canada . You would leave on August 27th and return August . I one travel at $ 3515.84 , which would be five days at the Obsidian Gem Inn . User : On second thought , I would like to go to Busan . : I just checked and it is not possible to travel to Busan from Indianapolis . Would you to depart from Calgary , Canada or Queenstown , New Zealand ? User : Would be allowed to got me and four colleagues ? Wizard : Are all adults ? User : Nevermind , would like to depart from Queenstown User : Heyo ! Wizard : Hi ! I do for you today ? User : 'd like to go to Seattle from Belem between August 27th and September 5th . What is available ? : I 've got a 3.5 star hotel available for 3171.58USD travelling on those dates ! User : That sounds . What are my options if I leave Belo Horizonte ? : I can book you the same but returning on September 3rd if you leave from Belo Horizonte . : For how much ? Wizard : That would . User : Ok let me see , what a trip Paris leaving from Belem between the same dates ? : I do n't anything available in Paris between dates unfortunately . User : What about Sao Paulo ? Wizard : you like to travel to or from Sao Paulo ? User : Travel to Sao Paulo . Wizard I can book 6 days in Sao Paulo for 907.3USD if you from Belem . User : Fantastic ! And if I from Belo Horizonte ? Wizard : I can you 4 for 853.71USD you leave from Belo Horizonte . User Ok . I choose the trip to Seattle from Belem . What are the and departure dates and times ? Wizard : Great , the 3.5 star hotel for 3171.58USD ? User : Yes ! Wizard : You will depart from Belem at 1:00 pm and arrive Seattle at 11:59 pm on Saturday , August 27th . When leaving , will depart at 4:00 am on , September 5th and arrive in Belem at pm on that same day . User : Excellent ! Let 's book this one . Wizard : Great ! Consider it done . User : Thanks , ! User : Hi ! I 'm looking for a trip to with two of my best friends for march break , what 's available ? Wizard Hi ! Where would you like to leave from ? User : From Wednesday August 17 and Saturday August 27 ! Wizard I can you 8 days in Milan between those dates 9031.87USD . User : Oh no ! My friends I are on a budget of 5400 ! Wizard : Looks like I do n't have anything available for price .. are you flexible dates perhaps ? User : What about Pittsburgh ? It seems to be a trendy destination this year . Wizard Pittsburgh eh ? I can book you 9 days near airport for 2952.62USD . : The is n't chic enough , do you have something else around there ? Wizard : What about Onyx Isle Hotel ? 9 there will 4219.24USD . User : Do you have else ? Wizard Ok ! upgrade you to business class at the same hotel for 5203.45USD . User : Eeeeeeeeeeee I love it ! Ok , so how many stars the hotel ? Wizard : The hotel has a star rating . Would you to hear about its ? User : Ooooo yes of ! ! ! ! ! : Onyx Hotel features free breakfast , parking , and free wifi User : Perfect ! Is there good shopping nearby ? ! Wizard : I do not have any information about this . User I 'll send them a tweet ! I 'll this one ! Wizard : Terrific ! I will book for you now . User : I love you ! Thanks so much ! User Hello there Looking get away between August 27th August 30th ! Can you help me ? Wizard : you have a destination in mind ? User : Not at the moment , but i am from Mexico City Wizard : I have several packages to Punta Cana , Dominican available . flexible are you with your dates ? User : Im thinking as long as we end before 31st . What are the packages like in Punta Cana ? Wizard : Unfortunately I do have any packages ending before August 31st . However I can you two packages which end on the 31st of August . Both feature stay in La Estrella del Mar , 0.0 hotel with a 0/10 . However you have the choice between flying business and economy , your total to 292.21USD or 219.58USD , respectively . User : 0 stars seems attracting ! I think will fly Economy for this cheap trip ! : Wonderful your has ! : amazing ! thanks ! User : Hi going on vacation with Family can you help me a vacation ? Wizard : Where would like to ? User : We want to go to Atlanta Wizard : How many people will you be ? User : in total the party will be 7 kids and 5 adults Wizard : Can you please tell me where you will be departing from ? User : We ’ re Santa cruz ! Wizard : I am but have nothing available to Atlanta at moment . However I have packages available to Rosario and Buenos Aires User : Rosario seems like a ? what packages do we have there ? Wizard : Well you please tell your dates and the number of days you would like to spend there we have $ , depending on how good the deal is were willing to change it . At the moment we go whenever : I have the Opportunity Suites available from August 27th to 30th . You would all business class . The deal also includes Free wifi and free breakfast . User : options are there for Buenos Aires ? Wizard : I have a few possible choices . you for a 3-star , 3.5-star or 4-star hotel package ? User : am looking for 4 and up star hotel Wizard : I have the Olive Market Hotel available in a 4-star . It free wifi , free breakfast and free . This is a 10 day package . Would like to fly in economy or business class ? : How much would that be for Business ? Wizard : The is $ 9647.3USD . You depart on 24th and return on September 2nd . Are those dates suitable for you and your party of 13 ? User : yes that would work perfectly ! : slightly_smiling_face : please book it : I will go ahead and book that for you now . User : Thank you User : Good . : Good ! How can I help you ? User : I like to book a to Rome for business purposes . What 's available for departures from Calgary Wizard : I can book you 6 days in Rome from August 17-August if you leave from Calgary . User That a possibility , and what about between August 27 and September 12th Wizard : How about August 27th-August 31st ? User : Excellent ! For how ? Wizard : have a star hotel available for 1600.96USD . User : I 2 and above . I have a colleague travelling with me What else can you offer Wizard There is a 4.0 star hotel available for 1952.49USD Will you be travelling alone ? User : As I mentioned seconds ago , I have a colleague travelling with me . Wizard : How many is for again ? User : FOR TWO PEOPLE ! Wizard : For two people at the Hotel Emerald Legacy the . User : I need free wifi , is this included ? Wizard : This place has free wifi as well as free breakfast ! User : Excellent ! I will most probably book this one , but I would like to see about more destination . : Sure ! Where would you like to go ? User To Paris . What can you offer around the same dates ? Again , for two people . Wizard : can book people a trip to Paris from Calgary for 3164.38USD . How many stars is the hotel ? Wizard : For that price you would stay in a 4.0 star hotel . User : That is suitable . Is the wifi free ? Wizard is Wifi : Excellent . And what are departure and arrival dates and times ? Wizard : You will leave Calgary 12:00 pm August and arrive Paris 7:17 that evening . User : Great , and for leaving Paris ? Wizard You will leave Paris 3:00 am on September 7th and arrive in Calgary at 10:17am that morning . User : I prefer the Hotel Emerald Legacy package . I will book this . Wizard : Ok . I will book Hotel Emerald for August 27th-August 31st for two . User : Thank . You can be sure that I will bring my business here again . User I am from London am looking to book a vacation package ! Wizard : Certainly , I can offer you several packages for Denver , Calgary , Pittsburgh or Minneapolis , . : are there any that go to San Diego ? Wizard : I can offer you something to San Diego USA . You would be flying economy out of Phoenix USA on 15th of August and returning on the of August . You would be staying at a 2-star with a out of guest rating . Your total for this trip would be 588.49USD User hmmm I can leave from London , what are the best options in Denver ? Wizard : I can offer you a 5-day package to Denver for 340.29USD . You by flying out of London , Canada and staying at the Oriental Resort , a 3.0-star with a 0/10 guest rating . User : let 's see what we do with something a bit further how about pittsburgh ? what packages do have ? Wizard : I offer you a 7-day stay in Pittsburgh Beginning 17 . You would be staying in a 2.5-star hotel with a 8.22/10 rating . This resort offers free parking , free wifi and breakfast . Your for this trip would be 433.92USD User : is there leaving a bit later Wizard : Yes , I can offer you packages leaving on the 18th , 23rd 24th or 27th of August User : anything after the 30th ? Wizard : I have several flights leaving on the 8th or the 12th of September . User when would they be returning ? Wizard If you would like to fly out on the 8th you will be returning . If you out on the 12th you will be returning on the 18th . User : we book the one returns on the 18th ? Wizard : Actually I have several packages on the 18th You can choose between and an economy flight and two : The Sunny Wolf Inn & Suites , a 2.5-star hotel which has a 8.22/10 guest , or the Majestic Mountain Inn a 2.5-star which has a which has a 6.91/10 guest rating . Both hotels include free parking , free wifi and free breakfast . User : the wolf seems to be a better place . how much would that be ? Wizard : With an economy flight your comes to 706.97USD a business flight your total comes to 795.22USD . : can book the economy flight ? Wizard : Absolutely , your trip has booked ! User : Thank you ! Goodbye User : I want to book a to Valencia ! Wizard : From what city would you like to depart from User : I think i will be leaving from lima ! Wizard : have a couple of packages . are both 9 day packages a 4-star a 5-star hotel ? Which would you prefer ? User : I want to have the time of my life , the more expensive , the better Wizard : Since you want to the time of your life , is it okay if place you in business class ? I have The Gold available , which is a 5-star property , August 27th to September 3rd . those dates suit your schedule . User : Business will ! those dates seem to fit in , I have to back by september 11th ! how much would trip like that out to ? Wizard : total price is $ 4851.24USD . Would you me to book this package ? User : not yet , i was wondering what other options would i have in Punto cana Wizard The packages we have available Punta Cana 4 days and in Mexico City we have 8 days packages available . would you prefer User id the longer stay ! Wizard : would you prefer to depart August 17th , August 24th or 27th ? I down your choices for you . User : id rather depart on the 27th of August ! Wizard : for the 27th of August , I have the Hotel available . The price on class is 1637.67USD on business class is 2044.90USD . Which one would like me to book ? : rating does this have Wizard : It has a and included free breakfast and free wifi User : honestly this seems like a semi memorable place , i think valencia would be my best bet Wizard : So back to the The Gold , which was the property in Valencia . It was available from August 27th to September 3rd . The total cost for that package , flying business was $ 4851.24USD . Should I go ahead and book that one then ? User : that seems to be just i can not ! thank you much im going to the best time of my life ! Wizard : It a very nice package . I sure you will enjoy your stay in Valencia . will and book that for you . User : thank you Hi . am in dire need of vacation . Wizard : Ok Where would you like to leave from ? I can look up the cheapest vacation for . User : I 'd like to go to Mannheim for days leaving from Paris . I have September to September 19th off . What is available ? This time money is n't a problem , I 'm myself . I 'm looking for luxury vacation . You can spend a luxurious 8 days in Mannheim at the Regal for only ! That round trip business class flights . User : That 's what I 'm looking for ! I also like to compare for trips to Porto Alegre . What can you offer ? Wizard : can book 5 days at a star hotel in Porto for 4898.49USD . User : Anything with 5 stars ? Wizard : I can not find anything with 5 for Porto at that time . User : Ok , can we take another look at Mannheim package then ? Wizard : Mannheim package free wifi a spa in your hotel . User : Oh ! And how many ? : The Regal Resort is 5.0 stars . User : Absolutely perfect ! What are and departure times ? Wizard : You will depart at 11 am on Tuesday , September 6th and arrive in Mannheim the same day . For you will Mannheim 5:00 am and arrive at 6:18 am Tuesday September 13th . User : Great , 'd like to book this one please . Wizard : Sure thing , it done ! User : Thank you ! User : Hi I need to book a vacation to Long Beach between August 25 and September Departure is from Paris Wizard : Would like to depart Paris September 6th ? : Preferably by the Is there anything available ? Wizard : Sorry , looks like there is nothing available from Paris to Long Beach on September 3rd . User : I 'm not quite sure I understand , is there anything available leaving Long Beach to go to Paris between August 25 and September 3rd ? : Would you like to depart Paris on September 6th ? User : No . I would like to leave Beach around the 25th of August go to Paris for some . is so confusing about ! ? Wizard You can leave Long Beach , USA go to Paris , France on Tuesday , August 30th . Will I this ? User : Finally ! No do n't yet , I would like to know more about the hotel . Is there breakfast Wizard : There is free wifi . User : Look buddy , is there free breakfast or not ? Tell , am I gon na get eggs toast , cereal , etc ? You know ? The good stuff ? Wizard : There is free wifi at the hotel . : What is the price of this toastless package ? : This costs 2191.55USD . User : Is this the option ? Wizard : Yes , this the cheapest option from Long Beach to Paris . : the hotel has how many stars Wizard : Muse Hotel has 2.0 stars . : Ok will book this one . Wizard : Great . You leave Paris on September 7th . User : What do you mean ? Wizard : You will depart Paris at 3:00 am on Wednesday , September 7th . User : I will not book this trip Goodbye Wizard : Thank you ! Goodbye ! User : Hi ! I 'd like to do some vacation shopping ! Wizard Sure thing ! 's what I 'm here for ! Where are you located ? User : I live in Campinas , and I 'd like to travel from August 25 the 7 . Let 's start by looking at Vancouver ! Wizard : Great ! You could spend 10 days in Vancouver for 3051.29USD . User : Is there free wifi or parking ? Wizard : Yes- all three ! User How many stars ? Wizard : The hotel has a 4.0 star rating ! User : Great ! about La Paz ? Wizard : You can travel to La Paz from Campinas from August to September 2nd . : I would like details about this one , please . For how much and many days ? Wizard : You will 8 days Paz for 2758.9USD . User : What does the hotel have ? Wizard This hotel has free wifi , free breakfast , free parking . User Can we take a look trips to Kyoto ? Wizard : Would you like to travel Kyoto between August 25-30 or September 1-6 ? User Let 's look at 25 to 30th . Wizard : I also do August 26-31 , August 27-Sept 1 , or August 30-September . Do any of those interest ? User : Yes actually , I prefer August 27 to September 1 . Wizard : Ok ! There is a 3 star hotel available for 8135.48USD for those dates . User : Great ! what are the options for August 26 to 31 ? Wizard : I have a different 3 star for those dates at 5218.82USD . User : Wow considerably cheaper ! Can you tell me about hotel 's amenities ? Wizard : That hotel has free wifi and free breakfast . User : Great ! I also want to look at Puebla for the same dates . Wizard : can book 25-September 5 Puebla for . User : The Puebla package is the cheapest , I 'd like to know more about it . The hotel has how many stars ? Wizard : Sure thing ! The hotel is 4.0 stars . User I really like this package . Is there a ? Wizard : No spa . : slightly_frowning_face Would you like me to look into options in Puebla with a spa ? User : If you n't mind yes please ! Wizard : Sorry , there are no options available in Puebla with a spa . : That ok , let 's go back to the 4.0 hotel . Is there free wifi and breakfast ? wo have a car , so I n't need free parking . Wizard : The 4.0 star hotel Puebla has free wifi free breakfast User : Great ! What name of the hotel ? I 'd like to them a call . Wizard : Absolutely ! Los Campeones is the name . User : The hotel is great . I will book this one ! Wizard : I will go ahead and book that for you . User : Thanks ! User : Hi i am planning my honeymoon for wife and myself . I am looking for the best deal but it needs to be the best time ! you helo us ? Wizard : Absolutely . would you like to go and from what city you be departing ? : we ’ re getting married in San Jose and we want to leave on August 27th . we have already spent so much on wedding and only have $ 2700 to sepnd Wizard : We do have a very nice package available with a departure date of August 27 to Montreal . This package includes free wifi , parking and breakfast and you would both fly on business class . The total cost of this package is within budget at only $ 1156.55USD . User : is anything a little warmer perhaps ? Wizard : From that city , I only have package available . Are you able to leave a different city ? User : ` Honestly cant but that package seems fine as long we will be together what activities or options does this package have Wizard : Your package includes free wifi , parking and complimentary breakfast every morning . User : sounds amazing thank you ! and again how much will that be ? Wizard : If you fly business class , the total cost will be 1156.55USD . I ahead and book that for you ? User : yes please that sounds amazing ! User : Hey Im for a nice get away can you help me ? Definitely , people will you traveling with User : just myself ! im from North Vancouver Wizard I can you flights to San Juan Montreal , Alexandria , Sydney Cleveland or Seattle . User : SEATTLE ! what options do we have there Wizard : I have one package for from 27th of August to the 6th of September . You will be staying at the Fairyland , a 3.5-star hotel with a 0/10 guest rating , free wifi and free parking . This trip will total 569.14USD . User : I have some specific dates due to my work i can only be from August 15th until september 2nd Wizard : I have several Seattle packages for the 27th of August to the September . You a choice between or the Emerald , 5-star hotel with a 8.8/10 guest rating free parking . You also have a choice between a flight or an flight . User : is there possibility of finding a package where i can be the 2nd ? Wizard : Unfortunately do not any packages matching those . User : thats very upsetting seems like i just take a vacation thanks anyways ' User : The police are after me and I need to leave Kobe between 27 and September 2 . Wizard : Hi ! I can help you booking a from Kobe for your requested dates . , where would you like to go today ? User : Take me anywhere , but I only have $ 4600 cash . Wizard : I can book you four days in Sapporo for 200.92USD ! User : Four days may not be enough ... what else do you have ? Wizard : How 6 days in San Jose for 2045.99USD ? User : That should be alright . Does the room have a safe ? Wizard : This four star has free wifi , parking , and free breakfast ! User : Perfect ! So if I steal a car I can park it there I 'll have to call the hotel about the safe , what is the name of the hotel ? Wizard : It 's the Seaside Inn . User : And parking ? Wizard : ! Tranquil Seaside is the hotel quoted for you before . User : Oh yes ok . This one sounds good to me User : Hi we 're from Miami and we want to go to paris , can you help out Wizard : Fore sure , many people will be traveling with ? User : 7 kids and 5 adults in this party Wizard : I have several options available , do you have a budget ? User : $ 27500 is my budget Wizard : several 8-day packages available to you . I can offer you a choice between 3 hotels : The 's Jungle Hotel , a 4-star hotel with a 8.69/10 guest rating ; The Hotel Universe a 4.0-star hotel with a 9.16/10 guest rating ; or the Autumn Treasure , a 4.0-star hotel with a 8.49/10 guest rating . All hotels offer free and free breakfast . : what type of options do these hotels offer/ Wizard : The Jungle has vacancies from August 17th-24th and from August 30th-September 6th . Hotel Regal Universe vacancies from August 18th-25th , August 25th- September 1st , and from September . The Autumn Treasure Hotel has a vacancy from the 19th-25th of August . User : how much would be for two best rated ones ? Wizard : I can offer the Jungle from the 17th-24th of August 14,186.99USD . you choose upgrade to business from economy your total comes to 18,178.51USD . If choose to at the Hotel Regal Universe your total cost will 21,809.70USD , with flights for all dates business class . User : the most expensive one is in my budget . can we book it ? : Which dates would like for your vacation : August 18th-25th , August 25th- September 1st , or September 1st-8th ? User : the in August Wizard : Your trip has successfully been booked ! User : thank you User : Hi im looking go to Fukuoka User : Hello wozbot ! Wizard : there ! can I help you ? User : My husband and I are recently married , we are looking for a honeymoon vacation . Wizard : Where were you thinking ? User Perhaps Toronto . We are currently in Rome for business we 'd like to leave from here . We 're looking at from 18 August 29th . Wizard Ok , great ! Are you flexible on those dates by any chance User : Not very . The divorce is planned for August 30th . Wizard I could book you August 24-August 29 ? User : Yes please . Wizard : , great ! Would you like to know any information before I ? User : Yes of course ! the hotel 5 stars ? Wizard : The hotel is 3 . User : This a special time for us . I 'd like what you have that 's 5 stars please . Wizard How about 4 stars from August to August 22 ? User : is good . Is there a spa ? Wizard : There is no spa . User : How breakfast and wifi : Yes - both are for free ! User : Great ! How much is this package with business class Wizard The package costs 4446.60USD with business class flights . User : That good . My husband loves Vancouver , can we take a at some ? Wizard : Ok Would you like to leave from Rome or Toronto ? User : From please and I have a preference for a hotel with a spa . If possible . Hmm .. I 'm seeing any Vancouver options with spas available : disappointed : User : Any 5 star hotels ? Wizard : I 've only got star hotels User : that , how about ? Wizard : The only dates I have available in Columbus are August 15-25 . User : Ok what Calgary ? new lives there . Wizard I have a 4 star available from August 17-August 21 in Calgary for 2 people . User : Great ! How much ? Wizard 3201.93USD . User : there spa ? Wizard : Sadly there is no spa : disappointed : User : Are there any available that do have a spa ? : Not in Calgary , sorry that . User That 's ok. My husband would probably prefer the Toronto package . Can you please give me flight details ? Wizard : Certainly ! Would you like to fly economy or business class ? User : Business class ! Wizard : You will leave Rome at 9:00 am Wednesday , August 17th 2016 to arrive Toronto at 4:07 pm on Wednesday , August 17th 2016 . Leaving Toronto , you flight departs at 1:00 on , August 22nd 2016 and in Rome at am - Monday , August 22nd 2016 . User : Perfect lets go right ahead and book this one Wizard : Consider it done User : Thank you wozbot , it was a pleasure dealing with you User : Hi im going on SPRIINGGG BREAK ! can you help me and my friends book a ? Wizard : For sure ! How many of you will be travelling together ? User : me and my 3 best friends ! Wizard : And where will you be departing ? User : we want to leave on 16th were looking to to San Wizard : Okay but where from ? From what ? User : We ’ re leaving from Godric Hollow Wizard : I have no flights leaving out of Godric 's Hollow . If you are able to leave from Cleveland or Montreal , then I can send you to San . User : we could leave birmingham you have anything from there ? Wizard to Juan User : if possible Wizard : I have no flights to San Juan Birmingham Are there any other places that would to travel to I have packages to Japan from Birmingham . User : what are the ones japan do they fit my budget ? Wizard I do not know what your budget . Can you me ? $ 2,200 Wizard I am sorry , I made a mistake , I do not have direct flights from Birmingham to Japan either . User : honestly seems like nothing work here ! ! Wizard Sorry I wish I could have been of help to you . Next time ! User : . I 'd like to book a vacation for my 7 kids and myself . Wizard : would you all like to go ? User : do n't really have a for a destination , but I would like free breakfast . We would be leaving from for a vacation between August and August 31 Wizard : I 've got a hotel in Toronto with free breakfast between August 24 and August 30 ? : That sounds nice . My husband requested I stick to a budget $ 25600 . What is the price of this package ? Wizard The price of the Toronto package for 1 adult and 7 children 3148.9USD . User : you have any packages with a stay that ends by August 24 Wizard : How about La Paz , Bolivia from August 19-23 ? User : Fantastic ! How is the trip ? Wizard : 9416.57USD is the price for that one . User : Great . Breakfast is included ? Wizard certainly is User : Great lets book it ! Wizard : You got it User Thank wozbot ! User Hi im looking to book my Honeymoon Wizard : I can you with . Where looking go ? User : We were thinking of Fortaleza Wizard : Ok , sure thing . What would be your departure city of choice ? User : We will be from Santos Wizard : Perfect ! I 've a couple of hotels available from August 17-23 . User : leaving on the 17th is perfect ! what options i have there ? Wizard : Ok , leaving the 17th I have two hotel options - both 3.0 with free parking , wifi , and breakfast . User : what are the price differences ? Wizard : Would you like to compare the packages with economy or business class ? User : yes please , is there a different price between hotels ? Wizard : The first hotel be 877.94USD with class flights and 1082.29USD with business class The second hotel package costs 938.26USD with class flights and 1142.61USD for business class . User : what options do have in philadelphia , with the same dates ? Wizard : I have nothing available in Philadelphia , USA those dates . User : I Fortaleza seems like a better destination can we book the cheapest option ? : ! So you 'd like to book the Fortaleza for 877.94 ? User : yes please ! would be wonderful Wizard : Consider it done : slightly_smiling_face Have a nice day . User : thank you very much ! User : wozbot ! I 'd like book a spring break vacation for myself and 3 of my best friends Wizard : Hello , from where would you like to leave ? Do you an idea of where you would to go ? User : We 'll be leaving from Goiania . Rosario is the place to be this year ! Our spring break starts on 28 ends on September 4 , can you find us something those dates ? Wizard : I am I no packages to Rosario on dates . Are there any other you would like to go to User : Is there anything in between ? Not for the whole length of the break ? : To Punta Cana , the from Goiania depart on August 17th . For Rosario I have nothing before September 6th . Would you like me to check other destinations User : No , everything ruined now . Thanks though . User : Hi planning my Spring break can you help me find the best deals Wizard : Of course ! many people will you be traveling with ? User : my three friends and myself Wizard : And which city will you be departing from ? User : we are in Montreal Wizard : Do you have destination in mind ? I can offer you packages for Seattle , Montreal San Juan , San or Sydney . User : Calgary seems fun ! we want to between the 19th and 31st of august Wizard : Are you traveling on a budget User I will be , $ 4700 Wizard : In that case , I can book you a package for Calgary for the 27th-30th of August . You will be staying at the Amusement . It is a four-star hotel with a 0/10 guest rating , free wifi and free parking . You will be flying economy . The cost of this package will be 4235.61USD Would you like me to this ? User : are there any flights with Business ? Wizard : The total cost will be 5651.86USD Would you like me to book this package User : then nevermind one within my budget ! Wizard : Your trip has successfully been booked ! Thank you for using our sevice ! User : Thank User Hi 7 colleagues and i are planning on going on a trip you ? Wizard : Where are you leaving from ? User : we can leave from Birmingham Wizard : Ok ! Did you have a date and destination in mind , or you like to hear cheapest options ? User there is no budget at moment are planning on going to paris Wizard Sounds good - I 've got hotel in Paris from August 17-26 : We need to find a between August 26th September 15th Wizard : August 30-September 8 work User : yes it would ! ! Wizard : Great ! I have the Queen 's Jungle Hotel available for those dates . User : what type rating does it have Wizard : hotel has a 4 star rating . User : how much would be ? Wizard : 8 adults at the Queen 's Jungle Hotel from August 15 the cost would be 15570.5USD . User : this sounds perfect Wizard Great ! Shall I go ahead and book that for ? User : yes please User : Hi wozbot My husband and I are recently married and madly in love . We 're looking for a fantastic honeymoon vacation We live in Mannheim and we 'd like to go to Kyoto days on August 19 . What can you do for me ? Wizard Hello , I perfect packages available for you that are 5 days in length flying from Mannheim to Kyoto , but none on the . Are you bit flexible with your dates ? User : What available closest to the 19th ? : The closest one would be on August 25th on . You would stay at the Glorious Bazaar Resort , which is a 3-star hotel that includes and wifi . I have both economy and business class . User This one interesting , but I really like a vacation 6 days , preferably leaving 19th of August . Can we take a look at User : hi im from looking to to atlantis Wizard : Hey there ! I 'm unable to come up with anything for those locations , about a from to San Juan User : can leave from Kakariko Village does that ? Wizard Kakariko Village eh ? I 'm having trouble finding that location . User : im gon na go now , thanks anyway : Thank for using this service . : HI im from Punta Cana can you help me find a vacation Wizard : Of course ! How many people will you be traveling with ? User just by myself Wizard : Do you have a budget mind for this trip ? User : not at the moment but looking for the best deal Wizard : I can offer you deals on any of the following destinations : Mexico City , Alexandria , Atlanta or Dallas . User : is there anything to mannheim ? Wizard : Yes For Mannheim , I have a package for the 17th-21st of August . You would be flying economy and staying at the Regal resort , a 5-star hotel with a a 8.98/10 guest rating . This resort even features a for guests to use . total for trip would be 2366.49USD . : amazing glad to know and opposed to Mexico City what does the price look like : The best deal I offer you for City is 507.18USD for 5 days . You would be departing the 17th of August and returning the 21st , flying economy both ways . You would be staying Hotel Tropic , a 3.0-star hotel with a rating of . User : is there anything on the 19th ? Wizard : I can send you to Vancouver on the 19th , with a package that includes a highly-rated 4-star , 1072.44 USD . I unfortunately do n't have any packages leaving for City on the 19th , however if the 17th is too for you I can book you trip from the 24st to the 28th of August and you up at the Hotel Tropic , for a total 507.18USD . For , the nearest date I could you for your flight would be 27th of August , with a return trip on the . You would be staying at the Regal Resort , a highly-rated 5-star hotel , for a total of 2366.49USD . User : regal resort seems great ! ca we upgrade that flight ? Wizard Yes I ! That your total to 3033.22USD Do you me to book trip ? User : yes please do ! Wizard : ! Your flight leaves at 8:00 a.m. on Saturday , August 27 you for using our service ! User : Thanks you ! User : I want to get away a bit ! im from Houston Wizard : I can help you with that ! Would you be interested in travelling to Calgary or Denver ? I have great deals available : OH i 've never to the pole ! what is Calgary like ? Wizard : There are cheap available with free wifi and parking in Calgary ! Would you like me to search for trips to North Pole ? User : thought calgary was there ! what do the prices look like ? Wizard : I have a 4 hotel available for in Calgary at cost of 228.28USD How does this sound ? User : what type of flight is that ? Wizard : It is a direct economy class flight leaving from Houston 3pm August . User : that seems like it be a great possibility what about Denver Wizard : can book 11 days at a 3 star hotel in Denver for 259.65USD . : seems calgary . what dates are they ? can we book that ? Wizard : Sure thing I will book the trip to Calgary for you - the dates are from 17 to August 28 . User : amazing ! do it Wizard You 're booked ! User : I live in Toronto , can we se what packages are available in Cairo from August 17 to September 7 ? Wizard : I have no flights on dates going from Toronto Cairo . Are you able to fly out of Lauderdale , Alexandria or instead ? Or can we look at other destinations ? User : Lets take a look at Pittsburgh as a ! Wizard : You would have to fly out of St. Petersburg or Burlington Any other destination we could consider ? Do you have a budget ? User : How Leon ? Wizard : We have no flights out of Toronto at all . Are you able to leave another city ? User : Can you tell me where the nearest city with available flights is ? : am sorry , I no packages available in Leon . User : What about flights to La Paz from Toronto Wizard : Did you budget in mind ? User : Not this trip , my future child deserves the very best ! Wizard : Regrettably , the only packages available for Paz out of Tijuana or Puebla . User : I have business in Calgary around those dates , what say I leave from Calgary , could I get a trip ? Wizard : As matter of fact , I have the Echo , which is a nice 4 star property available in La Paz from August 19th to August 24th , with a direct flight from Calgary . Is this something that could for ? User : That is ! Can you tell me more about this hotel ? Does it include breakfast and free ? Or a perhaps ? Wizard : The Echo includes free wifi , breakfast and free parking should want to rent a during stay . I have both economy class or business class . Would you like me to provide you with some pricing ? User : , you . I prefer business for this trip . Wizard : The total cost of your package based on a business class flight be $ 1415.48USD . you like me to go ahead and that you ? User What a deal ! please do . Wizard : Thank you and have a very pleasant day User : Thank you , I was great dealing with you ! User : Hi i need 5 day get away ! Wizard : SUre thing ! Where are you leaving ? User Im leaving from Queenstown Wizard : Ok ! How about 5 days in Milan ? User : I really want to go Sao Paulo is there anything there Wizard : could you give me an estimated date of ? User : August 17 2016 Wednesday , 31 , 2016 are the dates i could be gone Wizard : Great ! I 've got August 17-August 20 in Sao Paulo ? User : that looks great . what are the like ? Wizard : Great ! I 've got 2 or 3 star hotels available . User how much for 3 star Wizard : 5 days the 3 star hotel would cost 2289.59USD . User : can we go and book ? Wizard : sure ! User : thanks Wizard : My pleasure smile User : HI there ! my and are looking to go to Burlington Wizard : I can certainly help you with that ! many of you will be travelling ? User : 1 child and 6 adults Wizard : Ok ! Where you to leave from ? User : Campinnas Wizard : Would you like to spend August 17-August 24 in Burlington ? have flights and a hotel available for 9610.39USD . : ya sure that ! and how much would be for business : To upgrade that package to class would total . User : Let 's book it ! too good of deal Wizard : Sure thing : slightly_smiling_face your stay User : you : Hi im looking to book trip . anything leaving Kakariko Village ? : I can certainly you book a trip ! However , I have no outgoing flights from . How about another city nearby ? User : termina perhaps ? Wizard : Oh dear .. it seems I nothing from Termina .. Maybe you could tell me a destination instead ? User : Anything going Caprica User Good afternoon , man ! I 'd like to plan honeymoon in Naples for 5 days leaving Madrid on August . What is available ? Wizard : Hello , I can accommodate for a 5 stay in for 2 flying from Madrid direct , but I have availability from August 19 to the 23 or from August 24th to 28th . Are you able to work withing those dates ? : August 19 to the 23rd would be perfect . Can you tell me about the hotel 's amenities Wizard : You would at the beautiful Courtyard resort , which has a three star . and wifi included . The price for package is $ 1975.62USD for your 5 day stay . User Wonderful ! Can provide me the times ? Wizard : Madrid to Naples departing at 8:00 am - Friday , August 19th 2016 to 10:21 am - Friday 19th 2016 and your return flight would be at 4:00 am - Tuesday , August 23rd 2016 to 6:21 am Tuesday , August 2016 from Naples to Madrid . If these flight times are suitable should we go ahead and book ? User Yes lets do . User : Hi i want to plan my honeymoon to rome Wizard : Ok ! How long you like to go ? User 6 days Wizard : I 've got great for 6 days leaving from Essen ! User : any leaving San Diego ? Wizard : Hmm .. all packages San Diego are only days . Is that ok ? User : that sounds ! Wizard : Great ! How many stars your hotel to be ? User i have a maximum budget of $ 3900 Wizard : I 've got a couple of 4.0 stars available your . User : what are they like ? Wizard : They have free breakfast free wifi ! User : sounds amazing thats what i like how much will they be ? Wizard : Great ! Prices range from 4366.90USD to 5619.22USD for a four star hotel package . User : they seem to be a little over my budget anything a little less maybe economy class flight ? Wizard : have 0.0 star hotel package available for 3663.85USD . User : honestly that would work better : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : ! Shall I go ahead and book that for you ? User : please ! User : Hi im from Houston and i want to go San Antonio , but i have strict dates can you help ? Wizard thing ! What days to travel ? User : August until 11th are the days im available Wizard : And will you be with anyone ? User : ill be alone Wizard : Well , let me tell you about the best I 've found Vertex Inn is 2-star hotel with a 7.15/10 guest rating , free wifi , free parking free breakfast . They have a vacancy from the to the 10th of September . You would be flying business class , your total to 516.9 USD . Do you me book this trip ? : that sounds tempting ! are there any packaged to mexico ? Wizard : I can send you to Mexico City from 27th of August to the 6th of September . You be staying at the Hotel Tropic a 3.0-star hotel with a 6.77/10 guest . The total cost of this package is 1148.31USD . Do you want me to book this trip User : yes please it looks like Mexico is the better Wizard : Done ! Your flight leaves on Saturday , August 27th at 5:05 p.m . Enjoy your vacation ! User : perfect ! thank you User : Hi im from Los Angeles . looking for a good vacation : Where would you like to go ? User : im not sure to be honest Wizard : 10 days in Cana will run you about 660 , whereas Rome is around 1500 . User : what san francisco ? Wizard : have n't got any packages out of Los Angeles travelling to San Francisco unfortunately . User : how about vancouver ? Wizard : can 12 days in Vancouver for 761.48USD : how long would the Rome be ? : Rome is 10 days . User : think i might have to go with Rome Wizard : I have several 4 star hotels available as well one 1 star . User can i see the options the star hotels ? Wizard : Sure ! There 's the Hotel Grand Residence Hotel Emerald Legacy , or The Double Pastures . User : all have wifi Wizard : do ; all three have free wifi ! User : perfect ! book me the cheapest please Wizard : OK , that would the Hotel Grand Residence for 1806.15USD Sound good , or would you like to upgrade your flights to business for a total of ? User : upgrade it ! and thank you ! Wizard : Sure thing ! Consider it booked : slightly_smiling_face : User : thx Have a good day , and thanks for coming by ! User I have 11 days of time off starting on August 17 . you offer me any vacation packages leaving from Portland ? Wizard : Hi , would you have a budget mind for this trip User No , I 've recently inherited a gigantic sum of . I 4 stars and above , as well as free if possible , please . Wizard : Would you have a special destination in mind ? We will definitely look at luxury hotels are only a 4 star or more . User : No particular destination in mind , I 'm just looking for an adventure . How about Paris to start ? Wizard : I have the Muse available for 12 days but that is only a 2 star hotel . However , I do have some . I have some excellent options available that period . A nice hotel in Calgary , Canada , another nice 4 hotel in Marseille or a 4.5 hotel in Frankfurt , Germany all with direct flights from Portland . Do any of these cities interest ? User : The Marseille and Germany packages are very attractive . I 'd like to know more about hotel in the Marseille package Is breakfast included ? : The Hotel Duchesse Marseille is a 4 hotel which provides with free , but is not included in the price . It is available from Sunday August 21st to Sunday August 28th . I forgot to ask , will you be travelling alone or with a companion ? User : I will be travelling alone . How much is this package ? Wizard : package on an economy flight is worth a total of $ 3049.54USD . Are you interested in booking it User : am , first I 'd like to see what the price is with an upgrade to business class and perhaps compare this package to the Germany deal Wizard : There are no longer class seats available for this particular package to Marseille . The Mellow Palms Resort in Frankfurt is a 10 day package available from Aug 19 to Aug 27 and includes free wifi and breakfast and has a 4.5 star rating . The total cost on this , also based on class flight is $ 3091.3USD . User : Is it possible to upgrade the Frankfurt flight to business class ? Wizard : This package is also only available with an class seat . User : That 's fine . I will book the day Germany Mellow Palms Resort vacation . Wizard : I will get that all booked up for you and send you an email . : Great , thank you I will most certainly book my next vacation with Wizard : Enjoy your trip ! User : Hi im from Nagoya . i would like to go on vacation August 26th Wizard : Hello ! have any destinations in mind ? : Busan Wizard : Will you be accompanied by anyone on this trip ? User : just myself now Wizard : One last question : Do you have a for this trip ? User : not at moment Wizard : I can book you a stay at the Lethargy Hotel for 7 days , flying out on the 1st of September The cost of this package would be 398.99USD . Do you want me to book this trip ? User : are there any other packages in Sacramento ? : I can you a 12-day package in Sacramento with a departure date of September 4th . The total cost of this package is 3052.40USD . Do you want me to book this package ? User : is little like the trip to busan pflying on the 1st Wizard : Done Your Thursday , September 1st 10:52 a.m . your stay : thanks a lot User : I have a $ 3300 budget and looking for a vacation Wizard : I can help you with that ! From where you depart ? User : Im leaving from miami on August 25th Wizard How 8 days in Seattle for 481.66USD ? User : that amazing ! what type hotel is that ? Wizard : The hotel is 3.5 stars and only 8 minutes away from Seattle : thats amazing ! are there any other destinations available ? Wizard : I lots ! Do you have a ? User : somewhere warm and somewhere i could be by August 29th Wizard : I have trips to Long Beach August 25-August 30 ? User : how about naples ? : I have n't got any trips to Naples within your budget . have available for 3421.98USD though if you would be interested User : i cant . I think vacation to seattle seems most appropriate Wizard : Sure ! So , 8 for 481.66 ? Is that the option you would like to go with ? User : you got ! Wizard : Perfect ! I will go ahead and book that for you . : thanks ! User : Hi im looking go on a trip baltimore Wizard : What city will be from ? User : Im from Las Vegas ! : Let me know how this sounds : days at Baltimore 's Countryside Resort starting August 18 . User : im looking to leave on 25th , do you have anything there ? Wizard I could book you 10 days Baltimore leaving on the 25th . User : days in baltimore seem perfect ! can you tell me about the hotels ? Wizard : The only hotel is the Resort . It is a 3-star hotel with guest rating , free wifi , free parking and free breakfast . Do you me to book this trip ? User : ya for sure ! Wizard : Booked ! Your flight leaves Thursday , August 18th at 5:13 p.m . Enjoy your ! User thank you so much User : name Peter and I like to book a trip to Diagon Alley from Godric 's Hollow on August 13th . Wizard : Hi ! I am sorry but neither of those cities appear in my system . Do you a city you that you could depart from ? you interested in any other destinations ? User is unfortunate Although I suppose I am a fictional character Thank you and goodbye ! User : Hi ! My 3 best friends and I are looking for a trip to 16 and 19 on a very tight of $ . What can you do for us ? Wizard : Hello . Are you totally on Neverland or do you have any other possible places you would like visit ? User : , my . we are leaving from Neverland and would like go to Leon . Wizard : If you leave Santiago or , may have something available in Leon . Is that a possibility ? : Sure , why not ! see what 's available . Wizard : Out of Valencia ? User : Our friend Amazing Peter can take us anywhere , Valencia Spain would be the most convenient . Wizard : From August to the 23rd , I a beautiful 5 star property called El Hotel Del Mar available for a 7 day Are you able to stay until the 23rd ? User : I 'll have to check with my 3 best friends . How much is the package ? Wizard : It 's well within budget at $ User : August 17 the 23rd works for everyone , even Peter Pan who take us to the airport . Is breakfast included ? Wizard : . I will take care of confirming the booking for . User : you very much ! User : Hi im from Barkcelona , looking for a trip ! Wizard : Hi there ! Will you be traveling alone this time ? User : i will be travelling alone Wizard : Unfortunately I do n't have any flights leaving Barkcelona however there is a flight leaving from Cleveland for San Juan on the August . You be staying for 8 . How does that sound ? User : i was thinking of going to Santo domingo are there any flights Barkcelona Wizard : Unfortunately there are no flights from Barkcelona Santo Domingo . However , there is a flight from Punta Cana to Santo Domingo on the of August , with return flight on the 31st . User : i need to from Barkcelona dont think this will work out thank you tho ! : Thank you too ! hope hear from you in the future User : hi i want to go on vacation i leave from cancun Wizard : Ok Where would you like to go ? : im thinking of Santos Wizard : thing ! Any dates in mind ? User : i want to leave on the 15th Wizard : The 15th of August ? I can do that you . User : ! Wizard : I have a trip available from August 15-August 26 . Does this work for you ? yes ! what of hotel ? Wizard : Great ! The hotel 've found you a 4 star rating . User : very nice ! whats the pricing like ? Wizard The price for that package be 2877.68USD . User : and how much if i were to go to pittsborgh ? Wizard : You could fly from Cancun to Pittsburgh and 12 days for a cost of 1075.60USD . User : which hotel is better ? Wizard : The hotel in Santos has rating while the hotel Pittsburgh has a 2.5 star rating . User : and what are of the ? Wizard : The price I 've you is for economy class . User : i think would prefer to go to Santos Wizard : Ok , great you like to book the package I 've quoted for to Santos User : yes please ! thanks ! Wizard : Consider it done : slightly_smiling_face : Thank you for travelling ! User : you ! User : Hi im taking the family on a trip to Manaus is that possible with a budget of $ 3900 Wizard : Hey ! Where would you like to leave from ? User : i would like to leave from salvador Wizard : Ok ! How many people are in your family ? User : 3 kids seven Wizard : Could you travel August to the 27th User : ya sure the dates are flexible Wizard : Ok ! I have packages from August 19th to August 24th or August 27th September 1st . User : the one on the 27th looks good ! what the price look like ? Wizard : Great ! price for that is 3263.60USD User : perfect let ’ s book it Wizard : Sure thing : smile : I will that for you right away User : thank you ! : My User Hi for a vacation to hamburg Wizard : Hello ! Where will you be departing from ? User : Ill be departing from san jose Wizard : I have a for an 11-day in Hamburg from August to August 27 . total cost of this package is USD . User sounds good ! what is the like ? Wizard : You will be staying the Hotel Peter , a 3-star hotel with a 0/10 guest rating free wifi , free parking and free breakfast . you want me to book this ? User : sounds good ! please book it ! Wizard Your trip has been booked ! flight leaves on Saturday August at 10:13 p.m . Enjoy your stay ! User : User , I 'd to book a trip to Mos from Hogsmeade on August . Wizard : Hello , the and destination not up in our system . Are there any other destinations you are interested in ? will you be travelling ? User I 'd consider travelling to Coruscant with 12 on a budget $ 2900 , leaving on August 13 from Hogsmeade . Wizard : I apologize , but I can not accommodate this request either . : That is very unfortunate Thank you . Wizard : Thank you and sorry we let you down . User : Hi ! I 'd to my honeymoon , but I 've spent way too much on my and need to stick to a budget of $ 4600 . Can you offer anything to Marseille for 5 days leaving Salvador on ? Wizard : I dont have anything for your budget or start date User : I 'm afraid that I really need to stick to budget . Can you look up packages for Rome ? Wizard : I have the perfect package for you It is at the Secret Bay in Rome with a flight leaving on the 17th and returning on the 20th The total cost on this package is $ 4517.97USD . User : That is excellent . The hotel is how many stars ? Is there a spa ? Wizard : It is a 0 hotel but it includes free breakfast and wifi . Unfortunately , does not have spa . Holy moly ! That is not good to start a marriage ! have any other packages ? Wizard : in Rome . Do you want me to look at other destinations ? User : Let 's go back to the Marseille deals , and I will reconsider my budget and dates . Wizard : The most economical deal we have at the moment in Marseille from Salvador is $ in a 4 star hotel which includes wifi . It is available from 21st to August 24th . User : Great , I 'd like to book this please ! Wizard : Perfect , I will take down all and send you the . Enjoy your stay in Marseille ! User : Thank you ! User : Hi im fro termina and want to go on vacation on August Wizard Where would you like to go User : Im looking to go to Kakariko Village Wizard : Sorry , I ca n't find those my database Is there another place you could depart from ? User : I could leave from Birmingham Wizard : Ok ! Any other destination in mind ? User : not at the moment 's see what is available : I 've got trips available to Calgary , Denver , Burlington Sacramento , Phoenix - all for under 500USD . Any interest in exploring options ? User potentially which of these places have the best for 5 people : 5 adults ? User : yessir ! Wizard : Okie doke ! I have 4 star hotels in Calgary , stars in , in Burlington Phoenix , and stars in . User : to stay in Calgary how much would it be ? Wizard : 5 people could spend in Calgary for 795.80USD . User : queenstown maybe Wizard I a 5 star hotel in Queenstown for 5 people 13047.90USD . User : would work what is it called/ Wizard : That hotel is called the Illustrious Pool Hotel . User : that seems perfect what dates would that be/\ ? Wizard : August 26-September 1 . User : anything closer to august 13th Wizard : have the same hotel if you leave on August 15 : and when it return ? Wizard : You would return on August 21 . : if i wanted to be back by the 16th when could i return ? Wizard : You would like to travel from 13-16 ? User yes please ! Wizard : Sorry I do n't have anything available in Queenstown those dates . User : what is available for those ? Wizard : I ca n't find anything in database for those dates . User : okay well i guess ill try another then User : Hi i am looking to to Punta Cana with my three friends Wizard : Hi ! What city will you be from ? User hi I will be departing from Gotham city Wizard I ca n't seem to find any flights Punta Cana out of Gotham City . is a package for an 8-day stay in Punta Cana starting on the 24th of August . Your city of departure would be Melbourne , USA . : I could leave from Melbourne USA . any packages in ? Wizard : I ca n't seem to find flights to La Paz . User : i guess punta cana do ! Wizard : Excellent ! I can book a stay for you and your friends at the El Mar from the 24th to the 31st of August . cost of this package is 656.60USD . Do you want me to book it . User that would be amazing let s do it Wizard : Your trip been booked ! Enjoy your stay ! User : you ! : Hello , I 'd like to go to Birmingham for 7 on my honeymoon from Denver on August 18 . What can you offer ? Wizard : I do n't have any packages available Birmingham but I do have other travelling Denver . User . Is Phoenix in the list of options ? Wizard : Actually , just found something in Birmingham but it is only available on August 30th . Do you details on it User : Yes I would please ! Wizard : It is a 7 day package at the The Emerald , a 4 star hotel with free wifi . The price on package is 1242.7USD . User : This sounds like a great package although like to compare it to a trip to Phoenix . What is available ? Wizard : I have 2.5 star and 3 star packages available in Phoenix from August 27 to September 1st I have both economy and business class seats . User : anything closer to the 18th of August to Phoenix ? Wizard : No there is not , those packages sold out : What the price of the 3 star in Phoenix from August 27 to September 1st ? Wizard : The Recreation , a 3 star property , is $ 1832.8USD based on an economy class ticket . If you want a business class ticket , the price is 1832.8USD . User : And what is the price of the 2.5 star hotel ? Wizard : Economy or business User : Economy . I am trying to stay within a budget of 1000 . Wizard : It 's a bit higher than at $ 1849.57USD . The trip to was $ 1242.70USD so that was closer to budget and is in a 4 star property . User : Is there anything available in cheaper $ 1242.70 ? Wizard : No I have deals out of Denver available August 24th to and August 27 Calgary for under 1000 . User : These are not destinations that I would like to go to . Thank you very much for your time , but , goodbye . : Hi im from neverland ! and i go to Mos eisley Wizard : Hello ! I ca n't seem find any to Eisley , do you have another destination mind User Maybe Rio de Janeiro ? Wizard : How about an 8-day stay for one the Hotel Fernando Ribero in Rio de Janeiro Your flight would leave on Wednesday , August 17 at 10:38 a.m. Do you want me to book this package ? : that leaves from neverland ? Wizard : Unfortunately I ca n't find any flights leaving Neverland . Your flight would leave from Salvador , . User : and if i were to go to alexandria ? Wizard I can book a six-day stay at the Western Landscape Inn & Suites the 17th to the 22nd of August . would leave Boston . User : is the rating of that ? Wizard : It a 2.5-star with a 0/10 rating . User : can we book ? Wizard : ! Your flight August 17th , 2016 at 9:00 a.m . Enjoy your stay ! User : thank you ! User : hello leaving from Brasilia and looking to book our honeymoon Wizard ! Where are you thinking of going ? User : maybe rome for 7 days Wizard : I have many 5 days trips to Rome . Would that suit your needs ? User : ya for sure i have a small budget due to the wedding but i think we can make it work Wizard : Will you be alone your ? no , ill be with the ball and chain Wizard : I 'm not sure I understand . Will you be travelling alone ? User : the soon to be will be attending as well Wizard : Ok I book 5 in Rome for two people at . User : How about phoenix ? Wizard : I can book 7 days in Phoenix for 3775.54USD User : never mind then how about Wizard : I can book 5 days in Rome for two people at 3550.55USD User : what is the hotel like ? Wizard : 0.0 star rating with free breakfast and free wifi . User : perfect ! lets book it ! Wizard : Ok great ! I will go ahead and book that for you smile : : Hi im in the middle of travelling and i want go to Porto ! : Sure thing ! What city will you departing from ? User : i can leave from Minneapolis Wizard : I you leave from on the 17th of August I can book you 11 days in the four-star Golden Keep . The total cost of this package 2362.21USD . Would you like me to book this package ? User : Let ’ s book Wizard : Done ! Enjoy User : thank you ! User : Hi there ! I finally have some vacation time 22nd and I am hoping to go away somewhere really far away and getting away from it . you have any suggestions for me ? Wizard : Where would you be leaving from and how long is your trip User : I would be leaving from Sydney and I have be back Wednesday , September 7 . 'm so excited ! Wizard : Do you have any destinations in mind ? : Not really . As long as it is within dates , or even returning a bit earlier and also within my budget , I really do care where I go . I just happy to get out of Sydney for a while . Wizard : Great ! I see I can do What your budget for this trip ? : I got my yearly bonus I have $ 6100.00 to spend . Send me as away possible ! Wizard : Can I interest you in a 5 day 4 star package to Naples , a 9 day 5 star package Berlin an 8 day 3 star package in Manaus , Brazil ? User : What are the for the Berlin package ? A 5 sounds fantastic , as long as it is within my budget . Wizard You would depart on Saturday , August 27th and , September 4th . User : What else is in that package ? Wizard : Free breakfast and free wifi . It is well within budget at 4018.16 USD . Would you like me to search packages in the 5000 USD range ? User : No , but can you please give me some flight details on it ? I do n't out too early in the morning ! Also , would I be flying economy or business class Wizard : Departure from Sydney at , arrival in Berlin is at . For the return flight , you would depart Berlin at 3:00am and land in Sydney at . is a business class . User 3:00am flight out of Berlin No way ! That means I will have to be at the airport at like midnight ! What are the dates for the 8 day package to Brazil ? Are the flights better on that one ? And how much is that package ? Wizard : The Brazil package is from August 26th September 1st at a total of USD . Unfortunately , all return flights to leave 3:00 am . User : Is it a business class flight also ? Do I get a free breakfast and wifi with that one ? Wizard : The flight is class breakfast , and parking are all included in your stay at this hotel . Can interest in a 4 star hotel in Brazil for 5003.33USD and a 8.8/10 guest rating ? User : Hmmmm that one could be interesting too . A 4 star would much better . I do n't trust 3 star hotels , they are full of cockroaches ! Are dates and flights the same on that package : They are similar . Departure from is on August 27 at 11:00am and the return flight is on September 3rd at . Breakfast , wifi and parking are all included . User : Do you have a that departs closer to August 22nd by any chance ? : The closest I have is the 3 star 8 day package Manaus we spoke of earlier . The flight is on August 26th . User : How much is the the 4 star rated hotel to Brazil ? Was that one on a business class flight also ? Wizard : The 4 star package to Campinas , Brazil is 5003.33 USD , this class flights : This sounds like the perfect getaway , Brazil is about as far as I can get from Sydney ! Can you book that for me please : smile : ? Thank you so much for all you help . Wizard : Yes course , booking is complete . Please follow the below link for confirmation . Enjoy your vacation ! User : Thank you ! User : 'd like to book a trip to Monterrey August 17th to August 25th . Wizard : Hello ! What city will you be departing from ? User : Sacramento Wizard Unfortunately do n't have any packages for those dates , however I can book you a stay 27th of August to the of September . Would this interest you : , well what about a trip Caprica for August 17th to the 25th ? Wizard : I ca n't seem to find any packages to Caprica for those dates . Would you be interested in a trip to Punta Cana from the to the 24th of ? User : No thanks . I i will take trip to Monterrey from August 27th to September . Wizard : Done ! Your trip has been booked . Enjoy your trip ! : how much would the trip be two people ? Wizard : Will that be for two adults or one child one adult ? User : two adults Wizard : The total cost of this trip will be 3668.31USD . If you 're interested , can upgrade from economy to , bringing your total 4550.28USD : I 'll take the cheaper option . Wizard Excellent ! Your trip has been booked ! Enjoy ! User : Thanks ! User hey i wan go to hiroshima w my fam Wizard : you tell me where you are departing from ? you have a budget ? User : yeah im from Philly trying to spending 23500 max : When are planning on departing ? User : idk Wizard : Will you be travelling alone ? User : nah im bring 2 wives and 4 kids Wizard : We have a few options for hotels , they will all be a 6 stay , would that work ? If so , for budget you can the Iceberg Resort for $ 20000 ( 3.0 star hotel ) , the Hotel for $ 20297 ( 4.5 star Hotel ) or Royal for $ 21031 ( 3.9 star Hotel ) User : hm i would like to know where there is free parking Wizard : none of the above have , all with Wifi and Iceberg Resort offers Breakfast User : when does my flight depart if i stay at Hotel Royal Wizard : This flight is departing from Philadelphia User : yes i live in Philadelphia ........................ when do i depart i want to WHEN Wizard : you will depart from , on August 30th and you will Leave Hiroshima , Japan on September 3rd User : ok is this the same all hotels ? Wizard : Iceberg Resort would be from August 26th August 30th and for Hotel Oishi it will be August 26th until August 30th User : i want to stay at Hotel Royal because i do not want children to free breakfast Wizard : okay , well lets book that for ! so you will be leaving on Tuesday , August 30th and returning on September 3rd , with a total of $ 21031 , that sound good ? User : yes , good . please book Wizard : All done enjoy your ! User : I looking to book a August 19th and September 3rd . My budget is 1700 . Wizard : Hi there ! How would you like a trip to Kyoto from the 25th to the 31st of August The total cost of this package is only 110.93USD . I can book a flight from . User : I from Cairo . Wizard : you 're leaving from Cairo , I can book you a 10-day stay in Punta Cana for 475.20USD You would be leaving the 24th of August . User : Sure ! Let 's do that ! Wizard : Done ! I have successfully booked your trip . Your flight leaves Wednesday August 24th at 3:23 p.m . Enjoy your vacation ! User : Thanks User : hey , i 'm looking to go to Theed Caprica on August Wizard : Okay ! to help me find the best vacation plan for you , please answer questions . Will you be travelling with anyone ? User me and 12 are going backpacking around the fictional universe because we recently got a ton of gold from smaug 's cave so there 13 of us Wizard : are all of you adults ? : of course ! Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : we want to spend 2500 for all 13 of us Wizard : I am sorry but it seems as there are no packages to Theed , is there another destination you prefer ? User ugh dang it .. Thanks anyhow User : 'd like to book a trip from London to somewhere , for August 17th August . Wizard : I can offer you packages for the 24th to the 28th August . In Punta Cana , you would staying at the el , a 2.5-star hotel with a 0/10 guest rating , a total of 607.39USD . Baltimore , you would staying at the Resort , a a 7.06/10 guest rating , as well as free breakfast , wifi and free parking . The total for this package is 1012.6USD Would you like me to either of these packages ? User : can i have information for a to Salvador as well ? Wizard Actually , I do have a to Salvador may be of interest to you . You would flying out on the 27th of August and returning on the 31st . You would be staying at the Water Motel , a 3.5-star hotel with a 7.15/10 guest rating . total cost of this package is 2282.40USD . User : I think I will take the trip to Salvador Wizard : Great ! Would like me to upgrade your plane tickets from economy business class ? User : sure ! Wizard : Your vacation has been successfully booked . Enjoy your stay ! User : thank you User : ay whats up ? Wizard : can i help your Vacation needs ? : me the squad are trying get to Baltimore for some fun in and out of the sun Wizard Ok , me narrow down search for you ! how many people will be attending this ? User : jeez i dunno hopefully like 1 billion HAHA but im only paying for me and my 3 top gals cause just turned 18 and can access daddy 's trust fund : heart_eyes : : Perfect ! let ’ s find the best package you ! When are you planning on ? User : this spring break starts august 17 Wizard : Where will you from ? User : salvador Wizard : I am assuming there is no budget ? : ummm actually ive only got 10 for this trip and 5500 is for and shopping so .... 3500 TOPS please Wizard : There is only one option for Hotels in Baltimore , being the Countryside Resort . We have 8 day stars with departures on August 18th and 25th User : ... well that hotel should be PERFECT . how many stars ? Wizard : it is a 3.0 star hotel User : omg i just realized i ca n't math at all lol i could actually spend 4500 on the trip .... Wizard : actually with that in mind , no trips to baltimore at moment User : what ? ! no trips for MORE money ? Wizard : , it seems that all the around $ 10000 User : omg that INSANE . good bye .. i 'll be back Wizard : would you be interested in going another location ? User : no it HAS to be baltimore and it HAS be perfect thanks anyways Wizard : I am sorry for inconvenience User : Good morning . We are a family reunion and since we are spread out all over the world , we have decided a couple of possibilities . Can please give me information on packages available in Fukuoka ? My husband and I would be leaving from Manaus and will be travelling with our 4 children . Wizard : Hi ! Let me see what I can do for you ! : need to leave August 15 and be back by 22nd as I go back work the next . Wizard : We have multiple options for . Do have a budget for this ? User : Not really Wizard : I can offer something in Fukuoka that is 1886.81USD leaving on August 17th and August 21st . Does this suit your needs ? : Wow , pricey ! Does that include ? For price , at least better have free wifi ! Wizard : Yes , breakfast and wifi are included in this 3.5 star package ! User How have other rated it Wizard : The Historic Mansion Hotel has a rating of 6.77/10 . I can offer you 3.5 star hotel with a 8.22/10 rating 200 USD more . User : like that .... is breakfast included in that one too Wizard : Yes breakfast and wifi are included ! User : Are the flights for this package the same ? Wizard : Yes they economy and the same departure and return flights . User : it 's more than I wanted to pay but it sounds like a pretty deal . I need to discuss with the rest of the family and I will to you . your name ? User : hi im in mannheim and want to spend a week away Wizard : Where are you planning on going ? User : i was thinking about burlington Wizard : Do you have a budget for this trip ? User : id just like to Wizard : okay how many people will be attending this trip ? User : just me Wizard : any dates in ? User august 17-august 24 Wizard : OKay let ’ s find something , Would rather at Celestial inn & Suites 3.0 star hotel or at Excursion Motel is a 2.5 hotel ? User : hm .. well i do know about 3.0 stars only . what about trips to Sendai ? Wizard : Sorry , unfortunately there are no trips to Sendai User : how about curitiba ? : As well no packages available User : ok ... well how about to SL ? Wizard : Sorry nothing to but we have trips from Mannheim to Germany and Italy User : can give me some more information on the burlington packages ? Wizard : Excursion motel has free wifi and Free Parking while celestial has Free breakfast and free User : how are each the packages ? Wizard goes for about $ 2145 and the Excursion Motel is $ 1900 that is for economy seating of course . User : ok let 's book .. how much to upgrade business ? Wizard : will be $ 2740 for class should for you ? User : yes lets do it ! Wizard : cool ! have a good trip ! : grimacing : thanks ! User Hi . I 'd like find a trip to San Diego I leave from Horizonte . I like to travel between August 27th and August 31st if possible . My dates are flexible Wizard : Sure thing , do you have a budget for this trip ? User : but the trip be for 7 adults Wizard : Let me you about some of the deals I can offer you I can you up in the Anomaly Inn & Suites , hotel with a 6.51/10 guest rating for a total of 13384.6USD . If you would to go to La can book you a stay at the Echo , a 4.0-star hotel a guest rating for 15243.80USD . Both trips from the 27th to the 31st August . User : I will book the trip to San Diego for 7 adults Wizard : You 're booked ! Enjoy your stay ! User : User : Hi ! I 'm getting married we are super on money but I want to be able to give my new bride the best possible honeymoon despite our tight , do you have any cool honeymoon destinations that you can recommend ? Wizard : Hi yes i will try my best to find the perfect location ! what budget do you have in mind ? Where are you from and Where are you thinking of going User : Actually my bride who is sitting next just told me that she wants to go to Porto you have anything in Porto Alegre ? We are getting married in Lauderdale August 18th , so we to leave on our honeymoon on the 19th . I CAN NOT spend than $ 4000.00 though . Wizard : So it seems that are no packages available , is there anywhere else in mind ? User : Well , how about then . I heard it 's pretty dangerous there , but it has nice beaches ! We just got ta keep it under $ 4000 ! Wizard : im sorry to tell you this but there seems to be no packages for there either we have dominican republic if you interested User : I heard the food sucks in Dominican but if it 's within budget and at least 6 days , I guess I 'll take some info Dominican Republic Is it at least a five star Wizard : Actually there is only a 2.5 star hotel User : Okay this really sucks , is that all you can offer me No Porto , no Guadalajara and a crappy hotel Dominican Republic . Surely you must have other destinations on August 19th ? ? ? Wizard We have a 9 day trip on August 29th to Mexico City in a 3.0 hotel Sublime Echo User : does not work us , we have to on the 19th and I only have a week off work . Have a nice day . Wizard : it seems that are packages to Porto but only in august are you flexible with your dates ? User : Like NOT flexible . The wedding is already planned for the 18th Good bye . Wizard : bye bye User : Id like to book a trip . I have tight budget of $ 2600 . I would need to be between 27th to September 11th Wizard : Let me see what I can find you . Where will be leaving from ? User : Toluca Wizard : Can I interest you in an 8 day at a star hotel in Kingston , an day at a 5 star hotel in Leon , or a 9 day stay at a star hotel in San Juan ? User : What are the prices for each package ? Wizard : The 3.5 star Kingston package 2028.28 USD , the star Leon package is 2584.26 USD , and the 2.5 star San package is 17619.17USD User : What are the dates for the package ? Wizard : Departure is on August 30th and you return on September 8th . User : what about the dates the Kingston one ? Wizard : You would depart on 27th of August and return on 3rd of September . User : I think I will book the Kingston Package . Wizard : Excellent choice ! It includes free breakfast and wifi . Shall I ahead and book the trip ? User : Sounds great ! Yes , thank you ! Wizard : Have a nice day ! User : Thank User : hey i 14 kids . We wan na go to theed Wizard : Hi there ! Unfortunately I do n't have any packages for Theed . Did you have another destination in mind ? User : bummer .. no thanks good bye User : Hello i want go to buenos aires i live in puebla Wizard Great ! I can book you 12 days in the Resort Shield starting August 27 . flight will leave from . User : can get something leaving from puebla ? ? Wizard : If you would like to leave from Puebla , I can book you days at the Olive Market Hotel from the 24th of August to the 3rd September . The total cost of this would be 2052.70USD . User : great ! i will go ahead book that Wizard : Done ! Your trip has been booked . Enjoy your stay ! : thank you : smile : User : I 'd like to book a trip from Chicago to San Diego between 26th and September 5th . Wizard : Where will be leaving from ? User : , and a strict budget of $ 2300 . Wizard : Please excuse me I see you have already told me you are travelling to Chicago . Will you have any other adults of children joining you ? User : Yes will have 3 adults coming as Wizard : can offer you 4 day stay in San for 2115.10USD . User : What rating is the hotel ? Wizard : Spare Time has a very good rating of 8.86/10 . User Are there any activities there ? We are travelling for spring Wizard : The hotel includes free breakfast , wifi and parking I am unable to provide about activities . Shall I book this package for you ? User : Yes please . Wizard : The booking is complete . A confirmation email will be sent your address . Can I help you with anything else User : Nope that is everything you Wizard : Thank you . Have a nice day ! User : hi there Wizard : Hello ! How can I help ? User : i part of a travelling circus and our van broke down . we need to get from gotham to alley Wizard Hmm , I ca n't seem to find any to Diagon . Did you have another destination in User : no i need to travel from gotham to diagon cause that 's our next gig . thanks anyway Wizard : We hope to hear from you again soon ! User : ok see ya : Hi , 'm a very interesting person from Stuttgart and I need get myself to Sapporo . I am traveling with a friend . Wizard : And where would you be from ? User : I am leaving from Stuttgart Wizard : What is your budget ? do you have any dates in mind ? User I own dollars and we can leave august 26 Wizard : I 'm getting any results for you . Would you like to try different dates ? User : I am a man of many dates , and so dates are flexible Wizard : I can offer you the Hotel Prism , It is however , a little above your User : I could add 500 dollars to my budget Wizard : has 3 and costs $ 5315 . If you 're interested , we can look for hotels else : Well , I I 'll just book Wizard : I book this User : Hello , I want to book a trip to Coruscant . Wizard : Hi there Unfortunately I do n't have any vacation packages to Coruscant . Did you another destination in mind ? User : , it has Coruscant . We are leaving from Mos Eisley . We are 7 adults and I can spend $ 2200 , no more . Can you find me a package Coruscant Wizard : Unfortunately I do n't have any vacation packages to Coruscant However , you intersted , I can book you a trip for 6 to Kyoto , Japan and still be well within your budget . How does that sound ? User : Like I said , I need go to Coruscant . I do n't to go to Kyoto . Why would want to go Kyoto ? Can you book me a trip to Coruscant or not ? If you ca , you are time ! : Unfortunately , ca n't find any vacation packages to Coruscant . User : Thank you for trying . I will go somewhere else . Wizard : No problem ! We to hear from you again in the future ! User : Hey , I 'm looking to find a vacation from Valencia to Osaka . Wizard : Hi ! Where will you be departing from , and do you have a budget for this ? User : I 'll be from Valencia . I do n't have a budget Wizard will you be travelling solo ? : Yes . Wizard : Do you have a time frame for this ? : Between August 26th and September 3rd if possible : How a 4 star , 6 day trip to Osaka only 3354.90USD ? User : When are the dates for this trip ? : You would depart on August 26th at 8:00 am and return on August at 2:03pm User : What benefits come with this trip ? Wizard Free wifi and free parking are all included at the Aquamarine Majesty Hotel . User : Is there anything cheaper Wizard : Not your time frame . Are your dates flexible ? User Anything from August 17th to the 30th ? Wizard : Yes ! We have 6 day package at 2802.33 USD . Does this interest you ? User : What about the ? Wizard : The Hotel Opportunity 3 stars and has a 6.61/10 guest rating . Breakfast and wifi included in the price . : Breakfast is more important to me than the parking . What are the dates for this option ? Wizard : Departure is on August 17th and August 21st . User : Perfect ! I think i will book this trip Wizard : Great ! is complete . Enjoy your vacation ! User : Thank you ! User : Hello ! I am located in and I 'm getting married next month We would really to go to . find me a nice package please ! Wizard : Good day ! I can book you a 14-day stay in the Tower Hotel from 2nd to 15th of . Your flight would from Frankfurt . How does that sound User to leave from Hamburg . Do you have anything leaving on 30th ? We have week off then and n't really want to change our vacation time We are also on a budget cause this wedding cost us a fortune so try to find us real deal please . Wizard : It looks like do a flight from Hamburg to . can book you a room the Tower Hotel from the to the seventh of September . The best deal this package is 1232.50USD . Do you want me book this trip ? User : The 2nd to the 7th of September is not good for . How about Vitoria Do you have anything Vitoria leaving on August 18th ? Wizard : If you 're leaving from , I could you a flight which leaves on the 19th of . Would you like to hear this package ? User : No , I leave from Hamburg still ... and go to . have $ 1800.00 . What can you do for us ? I apologize but it needs to be around August 30th . Wizard : My apologies for the . The day I could you for flight from Hamburg to Vitoria would be the second of September You would be returning the following week on the seventh . Would you like to hear more about package ? It is well within your budget . User : I suppose a couple of days later is fine , will give a chance to recover from the wedding ! Yes , please give me more information ! Wizard : Of course ! You would be staying for 6 nights at the Hotel Oro , a 3-star hotel with a 0/10 rating which offers free , fre wifi parking . Your would leave from Hamburg on Friday , September 6th at 10:56a.m . The total cost of this package is 771.36 USD . Would you like me to book this package ? User : I thought our flight departed on September 2nd ? Wizard My , you are correct . Your flight departs on Friday , September 2nd at 10:56a.m . Would you like me to book ? User : Hold your horse ! It sounds like great deal but I need to check with bride . I will get back to you . you for your help : Hi na look into packages to san antonio Wizard : Hi and will you be travelling from ? User : belem . hoping to leaving august go for two weeks Wizard : do you a budget in mind ? are those dates as well ? User : no . dates are preferably the ones have sent you could be flexible if we find a great package i suppose Wizard : And one last thing , many will be travelling ? User : just me Wizard : There is the Winter Hill Inn star hotel in San Antonio from August 18th to August 28 , it has free breakfast , wifi parking . it goes for $ 3167 how does that sound User : ok .. i consider that . anything available in san francisco ? Wizard : Unfortunately there is nothing san User : ok. what in Kyoto ? Wizard : the Glorious Bazaar Resort available it has a 3 star rating , with free breakfast and wifi User : Is from the 17-31 ? : have 17th to the 22nd or the 25th until the 30th : ok. one more destination am about is Cordoba . What can you offer me there ? Wizard : there are possibilities to cordoba for a 10 day trip but only leaving on August 24th User : hmm ok well , much would the Cordoba cost ? Wizard it would be at a 5 star for only $ 2018 : wow ! like that option . free breakfast Wizard : and free wifi ! User : sweet ok , i think I want to book that . is the date Wizard : it leaves on August 24th and on User lets book ! Wizard perfect ! its all done : thanks : slightly_smiling_face : User : I 'm looking to book for spring for 4 people . have a tight budget 4600 Wizard : And where will you be leaving ? User : Lima Wizard : Great And do you have dates this trip ? User : Yes , August 25 to 6th . Wizard : I have an day package in Mexico 4180.10USD , a 6 package in Montreal for 4283.52USD , or day stay in Miami , US for 4501.58USD : I 'd like to go to Sendai there anything available for this place ? Wizard : I have a 7 day package in Sendai for USD . Are you interested in this package User : What are dates for this ? Wizard : From August 27th to September 1st . User : Does the hotel have free wifi or anything ? Wizard Free wifi is the only listed amenity . User If my to $ 5600 , are there more ? Wizard : I can an trip to San Diego , US for 4609.62 USD . User : are the dates for trip Wizard : They from Tuesday , September 6th to Tuesday , September 13th . User : I think I will take the 7 day package to Sendai . Wizard : Great ! Shall I ahead and book your package at Voyage ? User : Yes ! : Ok , it 's complete . Thanks for using me to book vacation ! User : Great ! Thanks ! User : hi I am burnt out ... i need a vacation Wizard : Hi me book you the most relaxing vacation User : I am off from september 2 to september 23 ! Wizard : ohhh perfect ! do you have a budget in mind ? User : can you find me something ? hear Madrid is No budget though Wizard : sure city are departing from ? User : im leaving from Barcelona , Spain Wizard : will you be travelling alone ? User : yes , i need a break from it all can you find me anything ? Wizard : yes i can find a trip on september 6th to the 13th User : hmm ok , that would work ! would that be ? Wizard its at the El Hotel De La Reina , in Madrid , a star hotel with free breakfast and wifi , would you like me to book it for you ? User : wow , nice ! what the Wizard : $ 611 for an economy class ticket and $ 684 for business class User : what is available in Cruz ? Wizard : sorry there are no results for santa cruz User : that 's ok. let 's book Madrid in that case Wizard : booked ! User : thank you User : Hey there ! My girlfriends I are looking to go on a girlie trip for Spring Break . but we want to go wild like Juan ! Wizard : No problem , I 've got you covered ! How many will you be traveling with ? User : We 'll be 4 , these girls are like my best friends ever ! We go to college in Wizard : It looks like I have for 10 days in San Juan . I 've also a package for 5 days in San Francisco . User : We travel from August 24th to September 10th . we only 6400 altogether Plus really have to have wifi , you need to make sure of that . Free breakfast would also a necessity Wizard : Both destinations fit within your budget , both hotels offer both free wifi and free breakfast . The San Francisco package runs from the 27th to the 31st while the San Juan package runs from the 17th to 26th If would like to compare prices , it is 2164.26USD for the San Juan package 1955.23USD for the San Francisco package . User : How many stars for the hotel in San Francisco Wizard : You will be staying at Twin Inn a 2-star hotel with a 5.23/10 guest rating . User : Do you have in San Juan leaving Indianapolis on August 24th ? The 17th we have an exam . Wizard : Unfortunately the closest I can give you be the 26th of August . You will be staying at the Fairyland returning on the 4th of September . This package 5678.60USD . However , I would recommend leaving on the instead as this package is only 5236.20USD . Does either of these trips interest you ? User : You know I think 'll stick to SF one , it 's just soooooo cheaper and it will still be a party Can book us on that one ? ? The at the Twin Canyon Inn , cant wait ! Wizard : Your trip has successfully been booked ! Enjoy your vacation User : Thank youuuuuuuuuuu ! Wizard You 're very welcome ! We hope to be of again in the future User : Hi ! I 'm looking to book a trip from Termina to Atlantis with my family . includes 1 adult and 3 kids . My budget is at most $ 3300 . Wizard : Hello ! What dates you like to travel between ? User : Any dates that are available . : I 'm sorry , there are no available packages Atlantis . Is there anywhere else you would like to go ? User : No I really need to go to Atlantis . I might be willing pay more if there an available trip . Wizard : I 'm sorry , there are no available flights to Atlantis from Termina . Atlantis and do not appear to be in my database . User : Oh okay . I look elsewhere : , I 'm trying to book a from Madrid . Wizard : Great For many people and between dates ? User : 7 people and August 26th and September . Wizard : And do you have a budget this ? User : No . Wizard How about a 9 day , 3 star in Essen from or a 4 day , 4 star stay Porto Alegre from Madrid ? User : What are the dates for both trips ? Wizard : The Essen trip departs August 27th and returns September 4th . The Porto Alegre trip departs August 30th and departs September 2nd What length of stay are you looking for ? User : I am leaning towards the Essen for 9 days . What is does the hotel offer ? Wizard : A 6.61/10 user rating as well breakfast wifi User : Does hotel have a pool or ? Wizard : I do not have this kind of information User : How much is this package all 7 people ? : It is a steal at 7328.92 USD ! User : That sounds great ! I 'll book it ! Wizard : Perfect ! Your reservation is complete . Have a nice day ! User : Thanks User : hey there , I 'm doing some travelling for business soon . It needs to be around August 18-August 26 . can do for me ? Wizard : Let ’ see what we can find , you tell me if you have a budget and who you be travelling ? User : no budget - work is : Wizard : Where are you coming from ? User : just me now , if we can find something that works out then I have 5 other colleagues who attending meetings with me Wizard : chance can go to or from somewhere else ? User : hm ... I could Milan . we have office there Wizard : again i am sorry there are no results User : i my business elsewhere .. thanks for nothing : my apologies User : me ... 'm still burnt from work : Oh hello , let me try book something accommodating User : 've got august 17- september off tho so I 'm gon treat myself my second vacation Wizard : where are you from ? and do you plan on going ? User : I 'm leaving from Marseille and I want to go to Osaka ... I have a penpal there Wizard : are your dates ? do you have a to consider ? : or I will the who donated a kidney to in St. Petersburg ... either one is fine . no I have to go in the time I am off from August 17-Sept lets not worry about the money yet Wizard : perfect ! only have day trips will that be okay ? : hmmm yeah I I do that . what is available ? Wizard : there are three hotels , Hotel Opportunity ( 3.0 star ) , Prophecy hotel ( 2.5 stars ) both have free wifi and Breakfast and Majesty Hotel is 4 stars and has free wifi and parking User : ok , and anything in St. Peterburg ? Wizard : is the only hotel in St. Petersburg . its a 3 star hotel with free parking , wifi and breakfast starting at $ 1883 User : ok. and what is the price for Aquamarine Majesty Hotel ? Wizard majesty Hotel Starts $ 3453 and the other two start at $ 2500 User : could you tell me the user rating of Viewpoint in St. Petersburg ? Wizard : the guest rating is 8.69/10 : that sounds lovely . let 's go ahead book Majesty Wizard : perfect ! done and done ! User : ! thanks User : Hi I really like to try book trip for me and 3 of my friends for spring break . I have a budget of $ 2100 . Wizard : Fantastic ! Where will you be leaving from ? User : Caprica Wizard : What dates you like to between User : August 16th and August 19th Wizard I 'm sorry , we do not have Caprica within our database . Is nearby airport ? User : No that is the only unfortuneately . User : Hey , I 'm looking to book my honeymoon from Houston to Santo Domingo for a week on August 26th . My is 1500 . Wizard : I can not you anything less expensive than 1932.27 USD . Is budget flexible ? User : No . Is there anything in my budget from Houston to Cancun ? Wizard : And your budget is not flexible ? User : I already spent too much on the wedding so my budget is fixed . Wizard : I can offer you days in Cancun at a 4 star hotel for 1474.18 USD . User : I think that will work ! all does the hotel offer ? Wizard Everything that one needs : free breakfast , wifi and parking ! User : ! 's book it ! Wizard : A confirmation email will be sent to you shortly . Have a nice day ! Thanks ! User : Hey , I 'm like the Pokémon hunter in the WORLD and I 'm only missing and I need to Punta Cana cause rumour like has it he 's at one of those places but you know rumours only rumours so I 'm not in a total hurry but want to see how much it will cost me to get go there , can you give me some pricing Wizard : Hi ! For sure , where will you be departing from ? User : I would be leaving from Fukuoka to Punta Cana . Wizard : ya that sounds good will you be alone ? : Yes I am . Anyway I can leave on August 24th ? Wizard : that date flexible ? : Kinda I can also leave on September 2nd . I only have 4200 so let 's try keep it on the cheap Wizard : I found two hotels for you to stay at , one being Mar for 5 and La Estrella del Mar for 5 day stays User : Is that leaving on Sept 2nd ? Can you give me the prices and hotel ratings ? Wizard : El Mar a 2.5 star hotel with a leaving on 2nd for 5 days , at $ 3815 or it can be on August 24th $ 2900 User : August 24th work for me about flights package to Columbus leaving from Fukuoka on date what do you have Wizard For Columbus , have Crown Jungle inn for an 11 day stay leaving on August 26th with parking and wifi for $ 3130 User : 11 days for $ 3130 is so much a better a deal what 's the rating on this hotel Wizard : it has 2.5 star rating User so same do any include breakfast Wizard This one has free parking and wifi , but no breakfast Would you like me to book that for you ? User : I the Columbus deal better screw Punta Cana I can go there next time thanks man Wizard : perfect ! glad i can help ! enjoy your stay ! User : helllloooo , of lovebirds here looking to get Burlington for honeymoon heart_eyes : : smiley_cat : : two_women_holding_hands : Wizard : Hello , I can offer you a deal on a 12-day package in Burlington at the Noble Resort . Your flight would leave from New York . does that sound ? User : we are not in New York : confused : can we leave from Stuttgart Wizard : have round-trip packages from Stuttgart from the 27th to the 31st and from the 18th to the 22nd . Do either of these dates work for you ? : on the 18th is great but we would like to go for 7 days there 's something avialable in Santiago ? Wizard : I have one package for Santiago unfortunately it only runs from the 26th to the 30th of August . Would you to hear more about this package , or would you like to try another destination ? User lets go back to Burlington in that case .. how much for the package leaving on August 18 Wizard : The deal I could offer you on package would be 4645.29USD . The Celestial Inn & Suites is a 3-star hotel with a 8.69/10 guest rating , free breakfast free . Would you like to this ? User : aww man , I really ca n't that much over the budget the was way too expensive . how much for the Santiago trip ? Wizard : The package is 1176.93USD in total User wow , ok .. let 's that then , assuming the hotel is nice ? : You would be staying in the Una casa , a 3-star hotel with a guest rating , free breakfast free wifi and free parking . User : , that 's good . let 's book it smile : Wizard : Your desination has been booked . Enjoy your trip User : thanks User : I 'm looking to book a trip from Hamburg starting August 15th . I have a 14 day vacation . What packages can you recommend ? : Hi there ! From where will you be leaving ? User : Hamburg Wizard : Will you be travelling with companion , and is there budget for this trip ? User : No no . Wizard : I have packages available to Manaus , Denver , Ciudad Juarez and South . Do any of these you ? User : Can I get information for Manaus ? Wizard : The package includes a 10 day stay in a 2.5 star and economy flights with a on 19th . User : Do have information for Denver Wizard : The Denver package has a 9 day in 3 star hotel business class flights and a departure on August 15th . User : How about Ciudad Juarez ? Wizard : You would stay at a 2.5 star and depart on August in class . User : Do you have for the trip to Korea ? Wizard : Certainly This package an 8 day at a 5 star hotel economy flights . Departure is August 17th . I also have a package to Japan leaving August 17th . User : Are there any other hotel options for the Denver trip ? Wizard : Yes , there are two , but departure flights are on August and 27th User Is there a trip to Denver that leaves on the Wizard : Yes but they are also all 3 stars . Solar is a 3 star hotel and would be the least expensive USD for 9 days . Would like me to list others User No , I think I will book this trip to Denver ! Wizard : Great ! Shall I it now ? User : Sure ! Wizard : The reservation is complete ! a nice day ! you User : hi my wife and i wan na bring our lads n lassies to kochi leaving from san diego we can spend 28500 Wizard : You 're in luck ! The Remote Hotel has a vacancy from the second to the seventh of September . This package is well within your budget at 16738.99USD Would you like to hear more ? User : brilliant ! whatre the amenities : is a 2.5-star hotel with free wifi a glowing guest rating Would you like me to book this trip ? User : glowing like my wife who pregnant with our 8 child ! ok ... i will book it Wizard : Your has been booked ! Enjoy your stay ! User : thanks buddy User : i need to to mexico me a flight from punta cana Wizard : I can offer you a deal on a 10-day stay in Puebla , if you now . This package for the 25th of August to the 3rd of September . Would you be interested ? User actually fits my needs so perfectly - yes book it Wizard : Done ! Enjoy your stay ! User : gracias User : I 'm looking to book a trip to Fukuoka from Mannheim leaving on August 27th for my honeymoon . Wizard : Do you a date or a budget trip ? I do n't have a return date but my budget is $ 4700 . : I can offer you a 5 day stay a 3 star hotel for 3188.44 USD leaving of September , or 5 day stay a 3.5 star hotel for 3602.35 USD . User : Are availabilities for trips to Kyoto leaving from Mannheim on August 27th ? Wizard : The 5 day 3.5 star Historic Mansion Hotel package begins August 30th . Is this ? User : . Is there anything to Kyoto ? Wizard : How a 5 day in a 3 star hotel for 3680.73 User I think I like the 5 day stay at the 3.5 hotel in Fukuoka . What day does that leave ? Wizard : It leaves on August 30th at 5:02pm and returns September 2nd at 12:02 pm User : Yes , that 'll work . I 'd like to book one . Wizard : Great ! Your booking is complete . a day ! User : Thank you User : afternoon my name is Carolina and I want to book a trip . Can you please tell me what specials you have at moment on August 25 and going to Guadalajara , want to go visit my family . Wizard : For sure ! you let me know where you are departing from ? User I am sorry my English is not very good I meant I live in Guadalajara my family will join me at my destination if you have packages Wizard : destination in mind ? User : no you tell me good packages and I tell my family to meet me there I have 6 days . You give me suggestion . Wizard : okay , how will travelling you User : just from Guadalajara , I meet my family there , they go from other place . long as I August 25 . Wizard : you have options to , Cairo USA , lima , San Francisco , Cancun , and indianapolis USA User : I only have 6 days , any 6 days suggestion Wizard : these are 6 days or User : oh that sounds very good what about Cancun , I like Cancun Wizard : Cancun has a 6 day stay at the White Peak Hotel . It has a 3.5 star rating with parking breakfast and wifi . It leaves on August 26th is $ 712 or there the same but on September 6th : I must on August 25 is there a anywhere else that on that , I want to lose vacation day Wizard : I apologize that is the earliest one all others are on the 27th User : for 712.00 it sounds like a very nice I will book flight on August 26 for days . Thank you your help . : my pleasure ! glad could help ill go ahead and it ! : hey what 's available from mtl mexico city ? Wizard : Hello ! How about a stay at the Hotel Tropic August 17th-30th ? 1189.39 if you book . Would you be ? : i wan na leave the 18th if i can .. could leave from philadelphia instead . anything ? Wizard : I ca n't seem to find any flights from to Mexico City on the 18th of August If you 're leaving from Philadelphia the closest date I can give you to requested is the 24th of August . Would like to hear more about package ? User : hm , nah thats ok what about Philly to Santos ? Wizard : I do have a flight to Santso leaving on the 18th . You would be spending 7 days at Hotel Globetrotter on the 23rd of August . Would you like me to book this trip ? User : that sounds like an option .. anything from montreal to santos though before i book for sure ? Wizard : You could fly out on the 18th , spend 6 days at the hotel Globetrotter and return on the 22nd . Would you like me to book this trip ? User : how much is the package from Philadelphia ? Wizard : The package from Philadelphia is 2164.30USD . The package from is 3052.39USD . : ok. i want to book the trip from montreal for me and 5 Wizard Excellent ! Your has been booked . Enjoy stay ! : Hi . I 'd like to book a trip from Nagoya to Phoenix from August 15th to 29th . Wizard : For how many people ? User : 1 Wizard : And do you have a budget for this ? User : nope Wizard : I can not offer any better than 2.5 star . The best that I can offer you is a 10 day star hotel with the departure flight leaving on August 15th . User : How about San Francisco ? Wizard : a 13 day stay at a 2 star hotel for 3104.34 USD . The flight leaves on August 15th and returns August 26th The hotel includes free breakfast , wifi and parking ! User : Is there anything available to Atlanta ? Wizard I have just the trip for you ! How about 5 days at Summer Covert Club , a 3.5 star resort with wifi and parking , for 3741.11 USD ? The leaves on August at 8:37am . User : maybe Do you have any information for Busan ? Wizard : We certainly do ! I offers starting at only 398.99USD a 3 star hotel breakfast , wifi and parking . The flight departs on August 18th . User : I think I will book 13 day stay San Francisco . Wizard : San Francisco is ! Shall go ahead and book the trip ? User Yes , thank you Wizard : ! The trip is booked . Thank you and goodbye User HEY TRYING TO GO ON SPRIIIIING BREEEAAAAKKKK . SAN FRANCISCO POPPIN RIGHT ? LETS GO THERE Wizard : How about 5 days at the Twin Canyon ? Your vacation would last from 27th to the of . Your flight leave from . Would be ? User : NEED LEAVE FROM HOGSMEADE . AND I HAVE TO BE BACK BY AUGUST 19 Wizard : Unfortunately my packages to San Francisco do n't end before August 27 . Would you like to hear more about these packages ? Or would you to try another destination ? User : OK DENVER THEN Wizard : Unfortunately the earliest date I can give you for a flight to Denver is the 26th of August . Would you like hear more about this package ? Or would you like to try another ? User : NO 16-AUGUST 19 Wizard : I ca n't seem to find trips matching these dates . Would you like to try destination ? User : NO User : Good morning ! I will be travelling with a colleague for business and we are thinking of tacking on short vacation after . Do you have any flights going from Punta Cana to Cairo sometime 26 August 9 ? Wizard : let if i can help you ! you have a in mind ? User : It 's not necessarily about , more about what suits our schedule . If you can not find anything from Punta Cana to Cairo , we can look at other options . Wizard : these dates flexible ? User : We also leave from SF . slightly but not much Wizard : I found southern inn in a 2.5 star rating with free , wifi and parking leaving on August 30th until the 8th september , all for $ User departing from what city Wizard : from Punta Cana User : That sound great but I want to look at another option . What about from San Francisco to Manaus ? Anything available dates ? Wizard : actually have a few options for you , Hotel Mundo 2.5 stars ) , Hotel Aquamarine River ( 2.5 stars ) and Tranquil Sanctuary Hotel ( 3.0 stars ) . they all day with free breakfast , wifi , and User : same dates as Punta Cana to Cairo ? Wizard : they are on the 27th until september 5th but the Tranquil Sanctuary Hotel is the 26th until the 4th User : Southern Universe in Cairo works . Do you have any seats available in Business ? We do n't like to economy . Wizard : for the ? User for August 30 to September 8 Wizard : for Business that will be $ 2059 User : At same , Southern Universe ? if so , we 'll it ! Pease send me confirmations by email . User : I 'm looking to book a trip to Chicago Brasilia . I booked work from August 27th to September 10th and im looking for a 7 day trip Wizard Do you have a budget for this trip ? User : No I do not Wizard : Are interested in 5 day stay at a 2.5 star hotel 1916.38USD ? User : I would really a stay possible . Wizard : 'm sorry , but I can only offer 5 day to Chicago . Are any other places you would like to visit ? User : Ulsan . Wizard : Unfortunately I can only offer 5 day trips Brasilia to Ulsan . Is there another city that you would like fly from User : No . Are there any 7 day trips from Brasilia to La Paz ? Wizard I have 6 day trips available starting at 2183.39USD . Does this you ? User : Yes ! Wizard : Great ! This package is 4 star retreat breakfast , wifi and parking . Your economy flight leaves on August 27th and returns on August 31st . User : Perfect ! Let that one Wizard Sure thing ! A will be sent to your email . Enjoy your trip ! User : Thank you User : i want travel to melbourne . i will leave from kyoto : Unfortunately there no flights heading from Kyoto to . How about Sapporo ? User : i can leave from berlin Wizard : Unfortunately there are no flights from Berlin to Melbourne . How about Munich ? User : ok well i would go to as well Wizard : Unfortunately there are no flights from Berlin headed to Caprica . How About Hamburg ? User : no not hamburg , i have an outstanding there . i would Naples instead Wizard : In that case , I would recommend flying from Berlin , as I can offer you a six-night package at the Courtyard Resort for 640.85 USD if you leave on August 19 . Would like me to book this package ? User : I want to try travel between august and august 18 Wizard : Unfortunately the closest package I can offer you to those specifications is from the 15th of until the 27th . Otherwise the earliest you could leave would be August 19th . User : ok , i can be flexible on the dates ... i book the package leaving the 19th for 15 people Wizard : Unfortunately with a party of 15 people you would need to leave by the 24th or stay until the 31st . Are either of these options OK ? User : lets book it : Your trip has been booked ! Enjoy your stay ! : sweet thank you User Hi I wan take 12 day trip from Hiroshima to Phoenix , leaving on August 27th . Wizard : Will anyone be joining you ? User : No , I do n't like other people : Not a problem , and do you have a budget ? User : No , I 'm rich . Wizard : Would an 8 day stay at a 3 hotel for 4202.50USD , with economy flight leaving on August 27th interest ? User : Possibly . Is there anything from Hiroshima to Baltimore ? Wizard : Are your dates flexible ? I can not offer dates earlier than September 1st for a flight from Hiroshima to Baltimore . User : No . That 's okay . Is there anything for Boston of Baltimore ? Wizard : there 's a 2.5 star hotel at 4162.73USD for 8 days with a departure flight leaving on August 27th , or a 3 star hotel starting 4586.75USD for 8 days with a departure flight leaving on 30th . Do either of interest you User : no . think ill take the trip to Phoenix . Does hotel offer wifi ? Wizard : Yes , hotel offers breakfast , wifi and parking User Great ! 'll take Wizard : thing ! Your has been completed . User : thank you User : Hi , I live in Diagon Alley and we need to go to Las Vegas in August for a graffiti convention its gon na be so chill cant wait Wizard : Amazing it seems that Diagon Alley is registered here . Can you from somewhere ? how you be ? and do have a budget ? User : we gon be 4 can leave from Dublin we got ta leave on August 17 or we will miss the convention : : Wizard : I am sorry seems there are no packages on that date User : bout indianapolis i 'll just go on my own then Wizard : the only departing dates i have are 18th 19th and 25th do any of those work for you ? User : is to indianapolis I can leave on the 18th since I wo n't go to las vagas will fly out of Dublin then Wizard : yes it is , when do you need to be back ? User : there 's no rush I 'm an artist I can hang out there for a while I do have a allowance of $ 3600 what can do me please make sure I have a free breakfast Wizard : I have hotels for you 13 days , with wifi , and , at either Hotel Vanilla ( 3 stars ) for $ leaving on August 19th or Hotel Liberty ( 2.5 stars ) leaving on August 18th User : sounds awesome i 'll take the Hotel Vanilla might as well go in style lol thanks for the help man Wizard : my pleasure ! ill go and book that for you ! enjoy your stay User need a vacay i only got 3 off work tho august 27-31 i wan na go to Kobe whats available ? Wizard : If you can fly out from Sapporo I can you at White Square from the 27th until the 31st f or 565.53USD . User : im leaving from brasilia Wizard : In that case , your price increases 4220.10USD . Is this OK ? User : not what about if i went to punta cana for the same dates ? Wizard : Unofrtunately the only available package for Punta Cana is from the 24th to the 28th of August . Is ok ? User : the package to Kobe august 27-31 ? Wizard : Yes . User : ok well that will be only one to for now . lets book Wizard : Your vacation has been booked . Enjoy your stay ! User : thank you User : looking to go from mos eisley to kyoto on august 27 Wizard : I ca n't seem to any from Mos Eisley to Kyoto . Would you be able to leave from another destination ? : lets leave from sacramento Wizard : You 're in luck ! I book you at the Quiet Garden Resort from August 27th to September 2nd . Would you like me book this package User : that works great ! book book book Wizard : Booked ! User : thanks Wizard : Thank you for using our service ! User : I need to book flight to find my last Pokemon I would need leave from Montreal and go to Hiroshima . I will also need to leave August 19th . Im with 4 other adults as well . Wizard : Is there a for your ? User : Yes , $ 16600 . : I have a nice 4.5 star hotel for 5 days starting at 13685.34USD for you however it leaves the 26th of August . Are you flexible with your dates ? User : Look , just tell me is there anything for Curitiba ? Wizard : There a nice 7 day package for a 3 star hotel with a departure flight on the . : That 's , how much would this end up ? Wizard : The package comes a total of 12496 and 's including breakfast , wifi and parking ! User : That is ! I can finally my last Pokemon Thank you ! User : I want to a trip from Diagon Alley to Naples . Wizard : Unfortunately I do not have any flights from Diagon Alley . there other nearby city ? User : . is there anything to Las Vegas from Diagon Alley ? Wizard : , sorry , I have no flights from Diagon Alley in my User : oh okay . thanks anyway . : I hope that you return to use our services for your next booking . Have good day . User : I to go to Tijuana . Wizard : . How can I help ? User : I would leave from Belem Wizard : And where would you like to go ? User : Tijuana Wizard : you set of dates in mind ? User : Between 25th and September 8th . my dates are flexible Wizard : I 'll see what I can find for you . Do you have a budget ? User : No . : I have a few 8 day packages for you , starting at 1787.63USD for a 2.5 star hotel , 3207.83USD a 3.0 star hotel . User : okay . Is there anything from Rio de Janeiro to Tijuana ? Wizard : Certainly , I can book you an 8 day trip for as low as 1745.77USD in a 2.5 star hotel , and we have 8 day stay at a 3 star hotel 3131.34 User Are there any trips from Belem to New York ? Wizard : I can book you a 10 day trip for low as 1037.49USD a 2.5 star hotel , including breakfast , wifi and parking . User : Is there anything from Rio de Janeiro to New York ? Wizard : I have a 13 day trip at a 2.5 star for 2757.89USD . Breakfast , wifi and are all included . User : what are the dates for the 10 day trip Belem to New York ? Wizard : Departure is on August 27th and returns Monday September 5th . User : That sounds good to me . 'm ready to book that one . Wizard : Great , we will send you the confirmation details a few moments . User Thanks Wizard : a vacation ! User : Hi I live in and I really to get out of this seedy town for a while Wizard : lets see i can help you today ! you have budget and will you be travelling alone User : Yes will be travelling ! Anywhere you have available between August 17 and August 29 for no more than 2200.00 . Wizard : Are these dates flexible by any chance ? User : I only start work on Sept 5th so I would have be back by Sunday at the very latest ! Wizard Any destination in mind User : within my budget that gets me out of here you anything in Canada ? I like Canada , they are real nice up there . Wizard have som eavailabilities for you , such as Punta Cana , San Juan , Columbus , Baltimore , and Calgary User : What sort of do you in Calgary ? I want something classy if possible . Wizard : I have the Amusement available for 9 days , is a 4 star hotel , it leaves the 17th returns on the 25th and is a total of $ 683 , would you like me to that to business class ? User : That sounds SO perfect ! The dates great and so is the price ! How much would it for business class ? : business class would come out to $ User : That 's 300 less than I budgeted , like a great getaway , do I need book that now ? User : hello hello i am travelling with my 9 sisters and my child to our family reunion in Corsucant next month ! we will spend max , what can you do ? Wizard : , I n't seem find any vacation packages for . Did you have another destination in mind ? User : no . its a family thats where my is thanks anyway i guess ............... User : im looking out fortaleza . im leaving from sapporo on august 27 Wizard : Hi there ! I can offer you a six-day package starting August 27th for only 3933.10USD . Does this fit within your budget ? User : when the date ? Wizard : You would returning the 31st of August . User : i would like to travel until 7 , closer to that date . is there is frankfurt that window ? Wizard Unfortunately those are closest days I can offer you to specifications . User what about in ulsan ? Wizard : It every package available is for the of August , the best deal being 472.37USD for the trip . User ok. one last destination I wondering about . Curitiba - what you got ? Wizard : How about August 30th-September 6th at the Hotel Leisure ? if you book now . User : i like the sounds of that . what is the like ? any details ? Wizard : The Hotel Leisure is a resort with a 6.91/10 guest rating , free breakfast , free wifi and free parking Would you like me to book destination ? User : what is the hotel in fortaleza like ? Wizard The Elder is a 3-star with a 7.15/10 rating , free , free wifi and free parking . Would you like me to book this destination ? User : book ! i to spend more time away Wizard : Fantastic I just finished booking trip . Enjoy your stay ! User : thanks ! have a good day to you User : Hi I would like to book a vacation from August 27th to 30th Wizard Do you have a destination in mind ? User : Barcelona . Wizard : And where you be leaving from ? User : London . Wizard : Shall I input a budget ? User : No . Wizard : We have perfect 7 day 3 star package for you 2551.88USD . What do you think ? User : Could you check a trip from London Ulsan ? I 'd like to see all my . Wizard : How about 5 day trip to a 4 star 3284.58USD ? User : My dates are n't flexible and i can only go from the 27th to 30th . If there are no results , could you a trip from to Fukuoka ? Wizard : It 's your lucky day ! I have a 3 star from August 27th to the 30th priced at 3410.60USD ! User : Oh good ! That 's ! I 'll it ! Wizard : Your reservation is complete . I you have a stay and that you refer us to all your friends . User : ! User : I am looking for a honeymoon to Manaus . I heard it is the perfect honeymooners paradise . The wedding cost us an and a leg so I really need something reasonable . : hmm let something out ! what is your budget ? will it just be and your significant other ? User : Yes our set twins . n't be a very romantic honeymoon , but what can you . We in Queenstown . I hope $ is enough ! : do you have any dates in mind ? User : would like to leave on the of ! We need to book this quick cause my boss is in the other room and if he catches me on the phone he 'll a . Wizard : It seems that we do not have anything Manaus with that budget can you increase it ? and we have dates of departure on August 19th and User : No there no way this wedding has already cost me fortune I do n't even know why we got married we already had the damn . How about Leon on the 18th ? : it is a 7 stay at Sunny Aurora Hotel , it is a 5 star hotel free wifi , the flight leaves the 18th and is a total of $ 2625 User thanks ! book it ! Wizard : perfect ! enjoy your stay ! User : im married now boi . takin my spouse 2 mexico city 10 days lets keep it 1500 max cool ? detroit do your thang Wizard : Hi there ! I can offer you days in the Sublime Echo for 712.15USD . How does that sound ? User : ooooooo i like that . no 10 day options ? : Not for City , unfortunately . Would you like try destination ? User : toronto Wizard : now looks like I offer you 10 days in the Hotel Richard for 781.72USD . User : ! ok i like that . leaving august 27 ? Wizard : If you like to leave on the 27th rather than the 24th that will bring your price to 1123.51USD . Is this OK ? User : thats fine , its still 1500. and the hotel what is it like ? Wizard : It is a 4-star resort with 8.8/10 guest rating , free and free wifi . Would you like me to book this trip ? User sweet ! yes , lets book it Wizard : Thank you for using service User : thank you : slightly_smiling_face I 'm looking to go on a trip but i 'm not sure where . Can information a trip from Toluca to Paris From August 25th September 9th ? Wizard : Sure thing ! Are you on a budget ? User : no Wizard How about a 9 day stay at a 4 star hotel for only 516.90USD ? User : How about a trip from to Curitiba ? Wizard : How does an 8 day stay a 3.5 star hotel for 1003.59USD sound ? User : thanks Can you check from Toluca Brasilia ? Wizard : I can offer you a 3.5 star , 6 day stay for 1035.87 ! User : hmmm . I do n't know . Could you check one more , from Toluca to Hiroshima ? Wizard : I 've got very nice here . How about a 4.5 star , 7 day stay for 1081.42 USD ? User : No thanks I think I will take the 9 day trip to Paris ! What are the dates for this trip ? Wizard : 27th to September 4th . User : That sounds great I 'll take it ! User : Hello ! ! ! ! ! We are planning a family trip with my brother and his kids and we are thinking City would be super cool for the kids . Do you have any packages for less than $ 3200 ? Wizard : Gotham city does not have any packages with us . Are you willing to travel somewhere else ? so , where are you departing from and how many people will be in this ? User : all in Termina . Anywhere fun we could take the kids ? Do you have anything to Disneyland ? We are adults and kids . Wizard : I dont think we anything to disneyland… may you tell me what dates you are willing to travel User : We n't really have any set dates , sometime this summer would be great . If is not either , do you have any suggestions for us ? Whatever you have we can get to from Termina . Wizard : there seems to be coming out of termina , would you be able to depart from anywhere else ? : Not really . What if I increase my budget to $ 4200.00 , can you offer us from then ? Wizard : I apologize it seems there are no from termina : I will around then see if I can a deal of Termina somewhere else . Thank you for your help anyway , User : hey : there ! can I help ? User : I 'm tryina go to on spring break w the squad can u help me out Wizard : Sure thing buddy , can you tell me more about what 're looking for ? User well we are las vegas sounds like a really nice place to spend spring break . Wizard How many people are in your squad and where will you be travelling from ? User : me homies . leaving baltimore : you have a range of dates mind for this trip ? User yasssss we are off aug 27-sept 5 Wizard : And do you have a budget for this trip ? User : trying to keep it under 2900 $ $ Wizard : I have a few 6 day 2.5 star packages starting at only 2191.40 USD ! How does sound ? User : price but 2.5 sounds meh .. anything for Fukuoka ? Wizard I have just the package for you ! How about a 7 day trip in a 3 star hotel for 2881.29 USD ? User : sweet that 's in fukuoka ? what amenities does the hotel have ? Wizard : The hotel has free wifi but for only 10 dollars more , I can offer you a 3.5 star hotel with breakfast AND wifi included . : And if we increase the budget by 1000 ... anything lookin good ? Wizard : I can offer you 7 day , 3 star trip to Fukuoka for 3727.11USD User meh , i 'd rather the 2890 then Wizard : Would you like to know more about it or shall I book it you ? : well we got 3.5 star , breakfast and wifi .. whats the hotel called ? Wizard : It 's called Historic Mansion Hotel . User : oh sweet i 've heard of that place . are the dates ? : Your departure is on August and you return 4th . User : thats perfect ! ok - lets book it for adults Wizard : Great ! Your reservation is complete , you receive a confirmation email shortly . User : thank you : slightly_smiling_face : toodles User : Hey , what deals can you offer me on trips to curitiba ? Wizard : Where will you be leaving from ? User : I will be leaving from columbus Wizard : you the only member ? User : Yup , just me this time Wizard : Do you a budget ? User : Nope , get me outta here : Do have specific dates your trip ? User : It has to 18 September 8 Wizard : So you want Curitiba , yes ? User : If that does n't I guess I could go to Vegas Wizard : Unfortunately , there are no results for from Columbus to any of your preferred destinations . Is there anywhere else you might be willing to go User : Hmmm , those are the only days I can get off work . See where else you send me in that time frame Wizard : There are no flights out of Columbus . Is there another place you could leave from ? User : No , unfortunately I ca Guess I 'll just a staycation time : disappointed : Thanks anyway Wizard : Sorry for the inconvenience . good bye User : I need to get to Atlanta pronto . I have leave on August 25th Wizard : Okay , let ’ s see how I can help , where are you leaving from ? User : I am from I want your absolute best hotel in Atlanta , whichever one is known having celebrities stay there . Wizard : OK ! I found you the best hotel , but you would have to leave on the 30th or for the we have supreme canopy resort which has a 3 star rating User : You do n't , it is extremely important that I get to Atlanta from London August , or even little earlier and I need to look anything you have available that at least a 4 star rating . No would at a star hotel . The 30th is too late . Wizard : How about a later ? The highest rated hotel 3.5 stars does that work have one that departs on the User : No that wo n't either . I told you twice now , I have to leave 25th or earlier . You obviously ca n't help . Wizard : I am for an inconvenience . User : You guys suck ! User : Hey look I got to get to . I need to trap a pokemon : Sure thing ! And where will you be leaving from ? User : I ’ m leaving from ! Wizard : Do you have a preference for dates Or a budget ? User : We need to leave Saturday August 27 ! Unfortunately , all I 've got is 3000 dollars . I also shouldmention that we 're adults Wizard : And for how many days do you expect to be vacationing ? User As long as I need to ! I can return whenever I Wizard : How about 7 days at Inn , a 3.5 resort for only 2095.50 USD ? User : what , I want to go to Pun Cana now . What would that me ? Wizard : I can offer you 11 in Punta Cana at 1863.80 USD User : is the hotel like Wizard : It 2.5 stars with a user rating Breakfast and wifi are included User When do we ? ! Wizard : 30th and you September . I can also offer you a 3.5 star hotel for only 100 dollars more but is not included , however flights are on the same days . User : I also thinking , what about leaving August 17 ? Wizard : I have one here on August 27th at a 3 star for 11 days at a price of 1899.78 Shall also look into August 17th ? User : OH ! I that on August . What is the hotel called ? Wizard : Scarlet Peaks Hotel . User : Ok… LET ’ S BOOK IT ! Wizard ! I shall execute the booking . User : Thanks ! User : I need to get away from work , how about Paris Wizard : Where is it you will be from ? User : I 'm in naples Wizard : Great ! Will you be travelling alone ? User : Just me this time Wizard : Do you budget ? User : I 'll spend whatever I need to Wizard : Are there specific dates you have in mind ? User : It 's got ta be between August 27 and September 9 Wizard : Are dates flexible ? User : No , my boss would n't have it Wizard We have a 6 day stay at the Autumn Treasure Hotel starting on August 27th . This is a 4 star hotel and offers free breakfast and wifi . The cost is 1071.36 . Does interest you ? User : Hmm what can you offer me in Cleveland ? Wizard : We have a 6 day stay at a 3 star hotel . They offer free breakfast , wifi and parking . This flight leaves at 8:00 am August 30th . User How much would cost me ? This would cost 3174.47 . User : Guess I 'll take the Autumn Treasure Hotel stay then Could you upgrade my to business class ? much cost ? Wizard : This cost is 1291.31 and the flight leaves at 9:00 am Would you like me to this you ? User : Sounds good Wizard : Great ! You 're flight is booked ! a great day and enjoy vacation User : Thanks ! User : i need to get from life i need your help in finding a place to in Belem , preferably with very few people around something simple but at same time very luxurious with a private villa and a spa where my best friend and I can just relax in our private beach oh and we need chef to cook us vegan meals Wizard : Will it be you two on this trip ? are your ideal departure User : Just the 2 of us , we are kinda famous so you have to promise confidentiality no one must about this . We need to be back by September the 3 cause we kinda have a commitment on the Wizard : Where will be departing from ? User : we will leave from Hiroshima i think , i never know city i 'm in , yes Hiroshima : I have found the destination for you ! The Zion Hotel ! ! ! ! Its day stay for this 4.5/5 star hotel , has a beach and other wonderful amenities In total for the two of you with business it will be 12873 User : trust , money not an issue you give me dates and times for the flights please my manager usually care of this sort thing so have to make sure neither my friend and I have : 11:00 am - Friday August 26th 2016 to 10:21 pm - Friday , September 2nd 2016 User : OMG ! that is so awesome just to make sure we are leaving from Hiroshima Wizard : Yes you will be . Should i go and book that for ? User : yes please go ahead and make sure to keep confidential do not want to be bothered Wizard 's booked enjoy ! User : ayoooo spring break buddy . wan go somewhere nice cold for spring break : smile : Toronto maybe ? : Hey there ! Where will you be flying out from ? We are leaving from Hogsmeade . It is a terrible place and wan na get awayyyyy Wizard : How many people will you be traveling with for this trip ? User : Me , Ron , Harry , and Hagrid . 4 of us Wizard : I ca n't seem to find any flights leaving Hogsmeade . Do you have another city you could depart ? I could book you a cheap stay in Kyoto if you fly out from . User : I do n't wan na go to Kyoto ... how about Nagoya to Toronto ? ? Wizard I can book you stay in the Hotel Richard from August 24th to September 2nd . The total cost of this package is 10986.39USD . How does that ? User : that 's 11 grand oh my god ! ! I need to spend like ... 1900 or 2900 MAX . Is there anything cheaper to Paris ? Wizard : How about a stay at Paris ' Autumn Treasure from the 27th of August until the 6th of September ? At 2789.83USD this falls well within your budget . User : I just need a package to Toronto for less than 2900 Wizard : I can offer you a package to Toronto which is only , however your would from the 17th of August the User : .... is there anything to Paris within my dates ? ? Wizard : Unfortunately I can offer you any packages Paris . Would you like to try another destination ? User 's Toronto again . where would we leave & ; Wizard : If you are flexible with city departure I can offer you a cheaper Toronto package which leaves from Calgary Unfortunately this trip is from the 17th to the 24th of . User : Ok .... well maybe we 'll just miss a few days of class that week . How much is that package ? Wizard : The total cost of this package is 1568.64 USD . includes a stay in the Hotel Eric , a 4-star hotel with free breakfast and free wifi . Would you like me to book package ? User : Wow sweet ! That 's for the of us ? Wizard : is a package for four . User : Great . let 's book it Wizard Done ! Your trip has been booked your stay ! User : great tahnk you User : Hi there… I need to get some overseas inspiration for my new novel… I ’ got a bit of writers block here in Ciudad Juarez , too much going on : Are there any places you in mind ? User : I was thinking about Manaus . I ’ looking to a good week away Wizard : Are you looking for dates ? User : Not really…but I ’ m on a ( of being a writer and what ) . 4500 is what I ’ ve got to spend . Also , my wife and son will be accompanying me Wizard : I have one result for a flight from Ciudad Juarez to . It is an 8 day stay a 3.5 star , they offer free breakfast , wifi and parking . price you be looking at is 4178.82 Would you like me to book ? User : I ’ m wondering about Sendai well though- I use a little flare in my . Anything from Ciudad Juarez within my budgeT ? Wizard : Unfortunately , there are no to Sendai within your budget . User : ok… Well are there any in Manaus ? I just don ’ t wan na jump at the first thing .. Wizard : Sadly , no . There is the 8 day the 3.5 star hotel . User : And what is that hotel called ? Wizard : Serene Garden . There is a flight at 10 : am on August 25th , and a 3:00 am on August 30th . Would you like me to book one these flights User : 10 am is far more reasonable travelling with a child so the August package please Wizard : Wonderful ! flight been booked ! Have a great day and a splendid vacation User : Terrific : smile : Thanks for your service ! User Biebs here . I wan na book a vacation asap . Wizard : Hi how may I help ! User : Mah closest , Madonna and I want to go to St. Louis . What can you offer . I only want the best , if not I 'm going elsewhere . Wizard Okay let me try and the best package for you , where are you leaving from when would you like ? User : Well , I 'm THE Biebs , so you should know where I 'm leaving from . But I tell you anyways We leave from Santiago . : are planning on travelling ? User : Good man . Does n't matter when we leave , but I got ta be back by August 28th . I 've a gig on the 29th . Wizard : I found for you ! The lunar ’ s a five star hotel , leaving on the 18th and returning the 28th User : Probably you , with all this fame people need me everywhere to do concerts , signings , around ... Does it have breakfast included ? : and wifi User : Nothing but the best . Let 's take a look at Santo Domingo first ( Madonna likes heat ) . Wizard : Looks like all the hotels in Santo Domingo are stars any of those work ? User : I 'm willing to give a try Breakfast ? Wizard : Yes it would come Breakfast wifi and parking ! but it only on the 24th : When it return ? Wizard : on the 2nd User : What if I left from Tampa ? Wizard only 3 star hotels User : I book the St. Louis one ! Wizard : perfect ! let me go ahead and do that for User : Greeeeeat ! Thanks man ! Imma send you free tics User : So Hey , I an intern- it pretty fantastic/exciting So anyways I need to go to Monterrey August 27 and September 15 . What do you have leaving from ? Wizard : Will you be travelling alone or with a companion ? User : All alone , and the first time ! If was so excited , I would be really nervous : Do you need to stay in Monterrey right until the 15th of September User : My dates are kinda , but I absolute can not go over a budget of 3100 dollars . Wizard : Is a five day package in Monterrey acceptable for ? I have a flight departing on Aug 27 and returning Aug 30 at the Oriental Peaks Hotel . It is a little bit more than what your allows for at 3240.72USD it a 4-star resort with an excellent client rating and it includes free breakfast , free wifi and free parking . User : Hmmm it a little bit too expensive ... they have another location in Kingston , can we see what 's available there ? Wizard : I have lot available in within your travel dates . Are there any special you are looking for at the hotel ? User : Hmmm well this is the first time I book kind of vacation ... Can you tell me amenities are usually offered ? Wizard : In Kingston , I have hotels available a 2.5 rated hotel a 4 star hotel . I also some hotels are located near the museum for when you have some time . User Wow I 'd love to spend some time near the Museum is this one within my budget ? : All are within budget . I can recommend the Golden Excalibur which is available from Aug 27 to Aug 30 , is rated 3.5 stars and includes wifi and breakfast . User : Well that one sounds very nice . Can you give me the name the hotel near the Museum ? 'd like to compare the two with my mom . Wizard This one is located right beside the museum . I have at the Raven which is a 3 star and the Ebony Manor Inn & Suites which is a 4 star located the museum . User : Great ! I 'll talk about with my mom and get back to you tomorrow . much for your help ! User : 'm abroad to check out my options for my internship Wizard : there ! Do have some destinations in mind ? User : what you book me Cancun to Naples under 1200 ? ( they are n't paying me so that is a TIGHT budget ) Wizard : It appears have a flight from Cancun to . The cheapest is 1947.14USD . You would be flying out on 24th of August . Would you like to hear more about this package ? User : its still over my so no I dont care . what about Cordoba ? Wizard : You in luck ! I can send you to Cordoba for 6 days for 635.35USD . You would be departing on the 24th . you like me to book this package ? User : ummmm no im leaving the 27th . last chance : get me something to Boston Wizard : I book a flight to Boston on the 27th . The problem is that it is well over budget at 3067.55USD . Would you like to hear more this package anyways User : i need out of this tacky country : : maybe Kyoto ? i just finished performing in san antonio and i want out of Wizard : Do you have a budget this trip ? : thats cute . of course not Wizard : Do you any dates in mind ? User : on september 1st Wizard We have a 9 stay at a 3 hotel . This flight leaves on August 18th at 11:00 am and the cost is . Does this interest you User : 3 stars ? I would like 5… . what if we went to san jose instead ? Wizard : I have found a 4 star for starting on the 27th of August . Unfortunately there are no 5 star hotels . This package offers free breakfast , wifi and parking and the cost to 5179.21 for the business . Does package interest you ? User : can you find me a 5 if i leave from Porto Wizard : Unfortunately there are no 5 star hotels available . The highest rating is a 4 . User : and from porto to kyoto… nothing ? : I could get a star hotel User : it ’ ll have to be san jose i do to be back by sept 1 Wizard : There are no flights to Jose that would bring you back by September 1st . Sorry for the inconvenience . Would you interested in the first option go to for the 9 day ? User : well , if I went to Kyoto when would I ? Wizard : You would return on the 27th of . User : alright , i suppose ill have to book that then : Great ! Your flight departs on the 18th of August at 11:00 am and the cost is 5440.99 . Have a great trip ! User : thank you kindly : kissing_heart : User : hello i need to book a couple things for work that are coming up lets see .... im gon be in leon on the 27th of august and i believe ill need to go to Ulsan from there available Wizard : What city will you be departing from ? User : leon Wizard : I offer you seven-day package on the 27th for 2881.80USD . you like book this package ? User and returning when ? Wizard : You would be returning on the 1st of September . User : that is fine.can i for my 6 colleagues as well Wizard : That will bring your price to 20167.57 USD . Is this ok ? User : would it be any cheaper if we left from Belo Horizonte instead Wizard : Unfortunately that would bring your price to 26733.34USD . Would you like to book you a package ? User : ok in that yes , lets book leon Wizard : ! Your trip has booked Enjoy your stay ! User : you very much User : Bonjour ! I make ze pastry living . I to to Ulsan , a buddy of a buddy of an aunt 's 3rd husband has ze most extrodinary recipe that I must get . : Okay I will make it my duty you there ! Where will you be leaving from ? User : I from Lima ! But I my 's 3rd husband 's buddy 's does not to share So I bring burly men with me and my 5 children . Wizard : when would you like to go ? User : I had n't really thought about that ... It is of the utmost importance to me , so I can leave anytime . Wizard : Any budget you must adhere to ? sold my great great great great grandmother 's butter recipe on kiji for 43500 dollars to pay for this trip . It vas very good butter . Wizard : you are ! What rating are you thinking of ? User : For me , food is the most important . Above all else , I need free breakfast.The stars are secondary Wizard : Unfortunately not one hotel has free breakfast User : Sacre bleu ! Ok what is available then Wizard depending on what star rating you prefer User Oh I see ! 5 is good then : day stay at the Sapphire Time ? its near theatre , and market from August 27th until September . for a total $ 37321 : Wow , this is very nice . Are there any options with business class flights ? Wizard : Yes there is but it would exceed your by $ 4000 User : . will stick with the Sapphire Time . Can you book it for me please Wizard : Yes i can done done User : Thanks ! User : hello hello Wizard : Hello ! How can help you today ? User my wife and i wan na bring our 10 kids to toluca . but we ’ re on a tight budget of 2300 Wizard : Where will you be leaving from ? User : diagon alley : Do you have any specific dates you 'd like for your ? User : not particularly Wizard : Is there a maximum number of days you 'd like your trip to be ? User : no , as long as its 2300. we can go for however we need Wizard : are no results found in my database that match your requirements . Is there else you 'd like to go ? : toluca is where we all want to go ... we could leave somewhere else i suppose Wizard : Sadly there is nothing within your budget User : anything for 3300 ? Wizard Our cheapest package is 4331.20 . User : leaving from anywhere ? ? Wizard : Correct . There are no results less than 4300 . Sorry for the inconvenience User : i need to get toronto .. there is apparently someone of interest to me Wizard : Hi there ! How can I help you today ? User : i to bring my lawyer with me to toronto from kobe Wizard : The best deal I can offer you on a trip to Toronto is a package starting on the 24th of August . The total cost of this trip . Would like to book this package ? : does this price include 6 children ? Wizard The addition of six children bring your final price to 12553USD . Is this OK ? User : yes that would be fine but i need more details about the trip please Wizard : Of course ! This trip includes a stay at Hotel Richard , a 3-star hotel with a 8.86/10 guest rating free breakfast , free wifi and free parking . It is located within walking distance of both a market and a cathedral . You would be departing for your destination on Wednesday August 24th at 8:41 p.m. and returning Monday , August 29th at p.m. Would you like me to book this trip ? User : sounds quite suitable . ok , let 's book Wizard : Your trip successfully been booked ! Thank you using our ! User : HEY Wizard : Hi User : tryina get to hamburg Wizard : where would you like to leave from gon na bring 5 with and kids . from chicago Wizard : Any budget in mind User : 31500 Wizard : Any dates in mind ? User : nah Wizard : Sorry it seems there are no flights available to Hamburg : I wan na see tokyo . i na check out the city for a starting august 24 Wizard : Unfortunately I ca n't you anything with dates . I can book you for a in the Hotel starting on the 6th of September . How does that sound ? User : . what about in Fukuoka Wizard you 're in Fukuoka , the closest I can offer you to those dates would be the 27th to the 30th of August . Would like to hear more about package ? User : ok thats a possibility . leaving from ciudad juarez right ? : Yes I can offer you a flight leaving from Ciudad Juarez User : how much ? Wizard : This package costs 2495.92USD Would you like me to book this package ? User : no jesus slow your roll . what about i went to tijuana Wizard : It looks like I could book you 6 days in Tijuana starting on the 24th . The total cost of this trip would be 882.52USD . Would you like me to book package ? User : no omg wait . what are the details Wizard You would be staying at the Resort Jade Covert , a 3-star hotel with a 7.15/10 guest conveniently located within walking distance major shopping center . This resort also breakfast , free wifi and free parking You would flying out on Wednesday , August 24 at 11:57 a.m. and returning on Monday , August 29 at 5:57 a.m. Would you like me to book this package ? User : ok hold on . but what are the details fukuoka tho Wizard : hotel would be the Apex Hotel , a 3-star hotel with a 6.61/10 guest rating located at the heart of downtown Fukuoka . This resort also offers free wifi . You would be flying out on Saturday , August 8:00 returning at 3:00 am on Wednesday , August 31st User : i dont wan at 3 when else can i Wizard : All of the packages I can offer you to Tijuana have 3:00a.m . flight times . Would you like to try dates User : my dates are august 27-31 Wizard : Unfortunately I ca n't find you any other flight times within those dates . User : and Will Smith are on a trip to Houston . A picture of them is worth millions . I need to go to Houston . Wizard : . Where are you leaving ? User : Ciudad Juarez , and I 'm a strict budget of 2800 USD . Wizard : alone ? : Yes sir ! No one else can know about this . Wizard : you have travel dates in mind ? User : I need to leave on August . So 'm already late . Wizard : How long you want to be in Houston ? User : As long as my budget will carry me for . Wizard : Sorry but there no trips from Ciudad Juarez to Houston . you be able to leave from somewhere else ? : But I NEED to go there ! What if I increased budget to 3800 dollars ? Wizard : I 'm sorry but are no for your request in my . User : Oh no ... I 'll have to go to a . User : Hi there ! have a couple coming up . Do you have anything to Kyoto ? Wizard : where would you be coming and can you provide me your travel dates please ? User : I be leaving from Santos , and ideally I 'd like to be there between August 27 and 30 . Wizard : I have to Kioto but not out of Santos . Are you able depart from Nagoya ? User : Not really , but I can travel to Toronto instead Wizard You are in luck , I have packages from Santos to Toronto close your desired dates . Would an August departure date be acceptable ? User : I would really prefer getting for the 27th , possible ? Wizard : I have nothing available on the 27th but I have a package available from August 24th to September 1st User : What if I went to Porto Alegre instead ? Wizard : From to Porto Alegre , I have a package from the 25th to the 28th and a package from the 26th to 29th . The first package be at a 3.5 star and the second at a 3 star hotel . Are you travelling alone ? User : The second package interesting . amenities does it include . I 'll be travelling alone . Wizard : The Deluxe Hotel is located near the University and includes a free continental breakfast and of course wifi . It has very good guest rating of 8.69 / 10 all for the low price of 787.76USD . Does this offer appeal to you ? User : It sure does ! Wizard : Fantastic May I proceed with the then ? User : Yes please ! Wizard : done Great ! Thank you so much ! : haayyyyy Wizard : Hello . User : i got a week off august 3. i think i wan na ski trip to miami Wizard : Where will out of ? User : pho Wizard : What will be your budget User : no budget Wizard : I have a beautiful 6 day star atthe Triple , is near mall and a park , with a 3 star rating , it comes with Free parking wifi breakfast in total only $ 1105 User : wow spectacular ! what are the flight details ? Wizard : It leaves on the 27th and returns the 1st , shall I go ahead and book for ? User : like it ! please book , thank you Wizard : Done and done ! User thank you very much kind friend , cheers ! User : hiiiii there . I have an interview in Burlington ! ! Can you get me there ? Wizard : Where will you be leaving User : From Salvador and I 'd like to there between August 19 and 5th . : you travelling alone ? User : Yes ! the first time I have a interviews for a fall internship ! Wizard : We only have flights to Brazil for those dates . User : Oh my . What about Rome ? Wizard : You would like to leave from Rome or fly to Rome ? User : I 'd like to fly to Rome from Salvador Wizard : We a flight from the 30th of to the of September . This is a 4 hotel that offers free breakfast and wifi . The cost is 3073.70 . Would be interested this package ? : The are fine , but the price is WAY over my budget 1400 dollars ! Wizard : There is nothing in my database that is under 2000 User : available in atlanta starting august 30th ? we 're leaving from vancouver Wizard : budget in ? User : 2700 is we have over after wedding expenses Wizard I have are looking for , that atlanta USA right ? User : yes yea of course . how much ? : are your dates flexible , the package i have here start on september 6th User no i wan na go the 30th Wizard : then I am sorry , is nothing available on that date User anything available from north vancouver montreal ? we would love to from north vancouver to montreal because it like such a logical reasonable to do our honeymoon : hugging_face : Wizard : the Illustrious Haven Hotel . 4 stars . Free parking and wifi . Business class . and all for $ 1234 User : wow - ! do we leave ? Wizard : 12th : ok send me literally anywhere from north vancouver august for under 2700 Wizard : we can do that same hotel just class , leaving on August 30th and returning on 4th User : which hotel ? how much ? What 's hotel like ? Wizard : Same it will be easily accessible , in total $ 930 User : ok book it Wizard : Perfect ! it is all User : amazing thank you so much User : I 'm looking for some Pokemon . I heard one was spotted in San Antonio . We 'd like to leave here on August 26th ! Wizard : How many are you ? User : A total of 6 adults . We all trying to find Pokemon . Wizard : Where you located User Barcelona . I should also mention that a of 17400 dollars . Wizard I am sure that budget will be suitable . I have a 10 day package in San Antonio available departing on September 1 for 12758.22 . How does that sound ? User : That sounds pretty good ! Does hotel have free wifi ? We 'll probably try to catch some Pokemon around the hotel . Wizard Not only does it free wifi , but also includes a complimentary breakfast and free parking User : Yes we definitely will need a rental car . Do you have any trips to Essen ? Wizard From Barcelona ? Do you also a trip Essen ? User : Yes , I would like to compare both trips . If I ca n't find a Pokemon , I may as well find a Mewtwo . Mewtwo was spotted in Essen Wizard : an August 26 departure , I have a package at the Motel Safari an 8 stay which also includes wifi and parking but no breakfast . User : No breakfast ? Hmmm we 're an awfully bunch so I we 'll stick to finding the Pokemon San Antonio . What is departure time ? Wizard : 1 pm Thursday Sept 1st returning on Saturday Sept at am . Would you like me to proceed with San Antonio package for you and your party of ? User : Yes this packages suits our hunting needs just fine . Wizard : will proceed User Thank you for your help ! User : Good afternoon . My husband and would like to travel with our 6 kids . have time off between August 15th and 19th . What can you offer for us ? Wizard : I ask what your budget is ? User : 8300 dollars . Wizard : Is there any place in particular you would like to go ? User : Nothing mind yet , I 'm looking for some ideas . Wizard : ! Where will you like to leave from User : Stuttgart Wizard : have a flight to Valencia at a 5 star hotel , the cost this package is 5695.69 and they offer free wifi . Does this interest you ? : Yes it does , can give me a few that I can compare ? Wizard : There 's flight Queenstown , New Zealand for 6347.76 at a 5 star hotel , they offer free and wifi , and the dates are also from the 15th to 18th of . User : This one is my favorite as of yet . you show one more ? Wizard : these are the only options . User : In that case , let 's take another look at the Queenstown package . What are the flight times ? It is difficult to take a flight in the middle of the night with young children . Wizard : There is a flight that leaves at 7:00 am and one that leaves at 9:39 am . The flights leave at 1:00am 3:39 am User : I 'll take the one leaves at 7:00 am are for the return at 1:00 am Wizard : Great ! Your trip has been ! Have a nice day and enjoy vacation ! User : Thank you ! : hi im thinking of going to san juan soon . between aug 27 and sep 15 : Where are you travelling from User : prob vitoria Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : no Wizard : you rather stay in a 2 star hotel or a 4 star hotel ? User 4-star Wizard : the 4 star hotel is in September 6th to september 9th , it is a museum market and a lot of shopping , and it has free Wifi ! All for 3495 should i book that for you ? User : hmm ok , ill it in mind . what if i went hiroshima Wizard : Still from Vitoria ? User : sure Wizard : Hotel Oishi has a museum next to it and is rated stars , leaving on September 6th returning on 9th for $ 3300 : what i left from instead of vitoria Wizard : you would only have Hotel Royal with a 3 star rating the same amount , but leaving on August 30th september 8th User : ok. and what if went to san juan but from Washington whats available then Wizard : How many people are travelling with you ? User : 3 colleagues and i Wizard : In san juan , you the option to stay at the 2.5 star Brass Tower Inn for 10 days on September 4th or August 27th User would i return if i went on august 27 Wizard : The 5th September User : i wan na go back to hotel royal in hiroshima . Does the hotel free wifi Wizard : For Hotel Royal , which has free and on August 30th for 11 days is $ 12556 User : that sounds , lets book it Wizard : perfect ill go ahead and do that for you ! User : bless : raised_hands : User : hey dude . ive benn in ulsan for 2 years now with no break work i wan go back to calgary and visit the fam . Wizard : Would you be available to travel between the 27th and the 31st of ? User : yes . im off until sept 10 holidays start aug Wizard : In that case , I can book you a stay the . It is a 4-star hotel with a 0/10 guest rating , free wifi and free parking . The total cost of this package is 2495.75USD . User : what if i went to burlington ? Wizard : I can book you at the Noble Bazaar Resort for the same time slot , however this package is 2751.46USD . User : what i went in september and returned by the ? Wizard you would like to extend your visit further into September I can offer you a stay in Calgary from the 2nd to the 6th of September . This package costs 3238.76USD . User : what would the hotel be like ? You would be staying at Retro Inn , a hotel with a guest rating in proximity to both airport and a public park . This resort offers free breakfast , free wifi and free parking . User : so have given all the options available from ulsan to burlington between august 27-sept 10 Wizard Unfortunately I can not change your dates as available are for the 27th to the 31st of August . can offer to upgrade your flight to business class , book you at the Excursion instead of the Noble Bazaar Resort however these packages will you than the one I have described . User : ok. whats the excursion motel like Wizard : is a 2.5-star hotel a 6.77/10 guest rating located in the heart of the . It offers free wifi and free parking to guests User : how much would price be Wizard : The price of this package is 2767.38USD . you like to book package ? User : how many other hotels are in burlington Wizard : These are the only two hotels Burlington with vacancies at the moment . User : both are the same dates ? what would be the price if i upgraded to business class can you give me a side by side comparison ? Wizard : There is vacancy at the Noble Resort from the 27th to 31st of August . This will cost you 2751.46USD , or 3577.98USD if you upgrade business . If you like to stay at the , there is a vacancy from the the 31st of August as well . This package will cost you 2767.38USD , 3593.90USD you upgrade to business class . User : ok want stay at the noble bazaar and i would like to fly business class Wizard : Done ! Your vacation has been booked . Thank you for your business ! : thank you very much for your patience you are an absolute gem : Hi Wizard : Okay So where would you to and are you leaving from ? User : Well , I need to find a place where the paparazzi wo n't find me . was thinking of Phoenix . and I are leaving from . Wizard : you dates in mind User : Yes , well , I 'd like to leave soon as possible , but I need be back by September 7 Wizard : The best I can offer for Phoenix is a 3 star hotel , offers free breakfast , wifi , and parking . The price for this package is 1767.71 User : will only look at 5 star hotels . Wizard : I 'm sorry but there are no 5 star hotels for two . Is there else you would be willing to go ? User : Let 's take a look at Rio de Janeiro . Wizard : The best I can offer is 2.5 star hotel . User : I refuse to stay in anything under 4 stars . Wizard : Everything under 4 stars . I apologize . User : Good day . User : Hi there ! Can you find me a trip Kingston between August and September 4 ? Wizard : Hello , we will do our best to comply with request . In order to , I must have a city provided to me . User : I 'm leaving from Santiago on a very tight budget of 3100 dollars . Wizard : I have a few selections available to . Where are you leaving from and is your budget ? User I said , I leaving from Santiago on a tight budget of 3100 dollars . Wizard : and where would you to go ? User : To Kingston , is I said before . Wizard : I have available from Kingston to Santiago User : I no patience for this . I am looking for a trip to Kingston from Santiago . Wizard : I understand , Kingston to Santiago . User : A trip to from Santiago on a budget 3100 dollars . Wizard : and when would you like to go ? User : August 25 and September 4th . Wizard : I have 4 , 6 , and 7 day packages . is you preference ? User : Lets look at the 6 day packages . Wizard : Ebony Manor Inn & Suites User : much would cost Wizard : 1911.41USD User : And many stars does this hotel ? What are the amenities included ? Wizard 4.0 star hotel User : Is included ? wifi ? parking ? : free breakfast , free wifi , free parking . Book ? User : No . I will elsewhere . Wizard : I am sorry we could not be of assistance today . Have a nice day ! User : . User : Hi ! I 'm looking to a business trip between August 26 and September 12 . There 's a few places I in mind . Lets with Rio de Janeiro . Wizard : Great ! Where will you leaving from ? User : I 'll be travelling during that time , so I 'm thinking I 'd like leave from Fortaleza . Wizard : Do have a budget ? User No , I bringing 5 colleagues with me . : We have a 3 star hotel that offers free breakfast wifi , and parking . It is 7 stay from August 26th to September . User : Interesting . Does it include breakfast ? Wizard : , it includes free breakfast , wifi , and parking . User : Do you have options for an 4 star hotels ? Wizard : 3 stars is the highest ratings for trips from Fortaleza to Rio de . User : Ok lets look at trips to Munich . Wizard : We have a 7 day stay at a 5 star hotel that includes free wifi a . User : Wow ! That fantastic ! No breakfast I assume ? Wizard No , sorry . User : , I think I 'll stick with that package . Can you ahead and book it for please ? Wizard : It all booked for you ! ! Have a great trip and thank you for using services ! User : Thank you ! User : hey there how are you i am chef for pastry cake . i want go to coruscant live sydney pls help me thx need to try cookie good there Wizard : I am sorry it looks like there are no flights to coruscant User : ok well this no good i must bye User : Hi . I need to get away stat Wizard evening ! I do what I can to help you . is your destination User : Anywhere ! just need to get of of St. Petersburg right away . I want to leave August 17 and return by September 6 . I only have 3900 . Wizard : I a package available in Calgary , , days , 4 star hotel , close to the university It is available from 22 to Sept 2nd . is a steal of a deal at 259.5USD . User : That really is a steal Anything ? Wizard : I have the Bazaar Inn & Suites for 8 days in Pittsburgh . It is located by the airport and there a and a museum . It also has all the amenities included such free , free wifi and a free breakfast . User : Cool ! How much is this Wizard : 332.48USD on an economy class flight which departs on Wednesday , August 2016 and returns on Wednesday , 2016 User : 's extremely cheap how many stars is it ? nevermind , I care ! Book it ! Wizard : 2.5 star hotel with a guest rating of 8.22/10 I go ahead and that for you . User : Niceeeee thanks ! I loved using this agency User : queen whats gooood . We are interested in getting of The Veg and going to fukuoka . Wizard Where will be travelling and from where ? User : Las Vegas - Fukuoka Wizard : any preferable dates ? User : august 19 to sept 3 plz Wizard : How many people will be travelling User : 7 of : How Adults and children ? User : lmao , we 're 7 adults ! : Ok , perfect ! and do girls have a budget : 35200 Wizard : Oceanside , 3.5 stars , Free wifi . on 27th and returns User : ok. and other hotels Wizard : hotel , with 3 stars : free breakfast ? same dates ? Wizard : Only free Wifi User : whats available in san jose ? Wizard : from las vegas ? User : yass Wizard I found the Nugget Inn 2.5 stars , for a 10 day stay , leaving on the 25th and returning on the for $ 14235 User : omg i like it . whats the hotel like Wizard : It ’ s near a park and a museum , has breakfast and wifi and parking User : how much if we fly business class Wizard : it would be $ 17903 for the upgrade , should i book that for you ? User yassss we goin in . Book it for us , please . Wizard : its booked ! enjoy your : Wizard : Hi there ! Looking for a nice getaway ? User : i currently in philadelphia trying to get a photograph celebrities but i need to hit up mexico city next week Wizard : Would you be available to out the 24th of ? I could offer you a four-day package for only 655.32USD . User how many hotels are available ? : If location important to you , the Sublime Echo has the best location of all three resorts , being located in close quarters to the beach , the mall and a shopping center . : are there any other tho Wizard : That 's right , this package is 655.32USD . User : wow cool ok thats gon na be the one lets book it should pay itself Wizard : Wonderful ! You 're booked ! Have fun ! User Hey there ! I to take some of Madonna and her friend in London , I work with InTouch . Can you get me there from Los Angeles ? Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : Yes , the company gave me 3500 to spend . Wizard : Are you alone ? User : yep Wizard : Do you have dates you 'd like to travel on ? User : I 'd leave on 17th , and stay for however long the money keep me there . : There are no flights going to London . there somewhere else you could leave : No I really must leave from LA What if I increased budget by 1000 dollars Wizard : The only flights are to Calgary , , and Alexandria . User : allo I am leaving Marseille Thursday August 18 and I to travel until September 7 : about Hamburg ? I can book you 7 days at Peter for 182.33USD . User : wow that was one of the places I was thinking of going whats the hotel like ? Wizard : You be staying the Hotel 3.0-star hotel with a 0/10 rating , located in close proximity to the museum in the heart of downtown . This resort offers free , free wifi free parking . The cost of this package 182.33USD . : is available in porto alegre Wizard I can offer you a 12-day package in Porto Alegre starting August . You would be staying at the Deluxe Hotel , a 3-star with a 8.69/10 guest rating , in close proximity to the local University . This resort offers free breakfast , free wifi and free parking . User : wow nice . How much ? : The total of this package is 2949.53USD . you like me to book either of these packages ? User : i want to also know what is available in new york Wizard : If you 're interested in New York , I can book a 10-day stay starting on August 24th for 1846.81USD . User : what is the hotel Wizard : You would staying at Soft Brook , a 2.5-star hotel with a 8.22/10 guest rating , located in close proximity to both the airport and the museum This resort offers breakfast free wifi and free parking . User : can i go to phoenix : I can book you 6 days at Phoenix 's Recreation Inn for 1991.87USD . User : oh ok. What is the hotel ? Wizard : would be staying the Recreation Inn , a 3-star hotel with a 6.91/10 guest rating , located in close proximity to the museum . This resort offers free breakfast , free wifi and free parking User : oh ok that sounds nice ! but i think i like the hotel in Porto lets book that one Wizard : Great ! vacation has been booked . Have fun on your trip ! User : great ! thanks ! User : ! Can take me to from Calgary ? Wizard : We sure . do you need to go to ? User : I 'd like to go from August 26 September 5 if possible ! Wizard : I have the Amusement from August 27 and September 2nd , we can you via economy or business class , would you prefer ? User : How much is the business class ? Wizard : 4719.75USD for your 8 day stay at this class 4 star hotel located near the University User : Oh my this sounds nice . Can we look at packages Naples from Calgary . Wizard : which ? User : The same dates , August 26th to September 5th . Wizard : I have the Courtyard Resort available for 5 days during those dates . It is a star property located near the museum . User : 5 days . To Ulsan please , Wizard : What kind of hotel are you looking ? I have available from 2.5 stars to 5 stars . User : Can you give me a quote a 5 package ? Wizard I 2 5-star hotel packages available , the Escape Cave and the Sapphire Time Both are August to August 30th , both are located near a park but the Escape is to shopping mall and the Sapphire Time is closer to the theatre and the market . User : Sapphire Time it is ! Can you book for me please ? Wizard : Confirmed , I will proceed with that immediately . User : Thank ! User : to to philadelphia from denver Should I assume you have no budget ? User : 18600 : Do you have any preferable dates to travel ? User yes i want to go today , August 18 Wizard : How many will be travelling with you User : 4 trainers Wizard : I have found the Mirror inn , for a 4 day stay , it has 2 stars leaves on the 18th User : you book me a trip to osaka now Wizard : For only $ 17127 you can stay at the Aquamarine Majesty for 6 days with Free Wifi and Parking . It is 4 stars and near a museum and park . The flight leaves on the 26th untill the 30th User : lets go to osaka ! Wizard : Let me book that for you , and you can be on your way : awesome : smile User : I want leave from Santa Cruz and go to Rome Wizard : Okay where would you like to go will you from ? User : From Santa Cruz to Wizard : Do you have a budget for your honeymoon ? : Oh yes , ca n't spend more than 3800 dollars ! Wizard Would like to book trip for two people ? User : Yes ! Wizard Wonderful ! Do you want set for your trip ? User : I 'd like to leave on August 28th and spend 9 days in Rome . Wizard : Are your dates flexible ? User : really Wizard : The closest result to your request is at a 4 star hotel from August 30th to September . Free and wifi are and this trip would cost 2885.88 . Does this interest ? User : It could work . I 'd really like leave on the 28th of , what about if I went Marseille instead ? Wizard Sorry , the only option that is close is the trip to Rome on August 30th . : What are the departure times ? Wizard 11:00am for the and for September 6th . User : Great 'll book this one ! Wizard : Wonderful ! Your trip is booked ! you using our services and have great day ! User Thank you so much ! User : Why hello there ! you see what 's for North Vancouver Wizard : Do you have budget ? User : naw , I 've got tons o Wizard : Great ! Will you be bringing anyone else along with you ? User : my imaginary friend . Wizard : Okay so I should book you a trip for two . Do you have dates you 'd like to ? User : yes , that 's pretty important information . I 'd like leave around August 25 and be back by September 11 . Wizard : The only result for this trip is August 27th to September 4th . It is at a 2.5 star hotel , breakfast , wifi , and parking . The cost of this is 897.18 . User : That sounds good , what about Birmingham from Sydney ? Wizard : There a 4 hotel from August to September 6th for 1252.33 free wifi included . User Meh . What about Sydney to ? Wizard : There is a 5 star hotel from August 27th September 1st with free wifi and . The cost for this package is 2666.51 . User : Well that sounds ! Can we try one more ? ? ? ? Wizard : New place ? User Sydney to Naples ! Watcha got ? Wizard : There is a 4 star hotel with free breakfast and free . It is from September 2nd to September 5th the cost this package is . User : My package is still the trip . you tell me he are ? Wizard Departures are 9:00am 5.36pm from Sydney to Mannheim and 3:00am 11:36am from Mannheim to Sydney . User Great , book away please ! Wizard Done ! Your flights are booked ! Have a great day ! User : Thank you ! User : ! I won the internship to Kobe where I will work for free ! I 'll be from Alexandria . What you offer ? Wizard : I do have any flights from Alexandria to Kobe . User : Do any flights from Alexandria to Berlin ? ? Wizard : I do not . User : What about Alexandria to Salvador ? Wizard : Unfortunately those are not available either . I wish I could be of . User : That is really too bad . Thank you for help . User : hey there ! i am looking to go to fortaleza for spring break with 3 of the boys . what can you me for 1600 Wizard Unfortunately the best I can give you on a package to Fortaleza is 3491.71USD for four days . Would you like to try another destination ? User : yeah in that case lets look burlington Wizard : offer you 12 days in Burlington for 1732.63USD . How that that is close to the budget - i like it ! can we travel august 25 ? Wizard : This particular package leaves August 27th . Would you like me to book this ? User : wwhen do we Wizard : return flight on 7th of . User : we hoping to return by the 5th . anything from city to burlington between those dates Wizard : How does August 27th to September 1st sound I can book you 6-day stay for 4414.71USD . User : mannnn we really cant spend much . 2600 tops nothing in fortaleza either ? ? from mexico city Wizard : Unfortunately I can not any packages to these destinations that are within your budget User : ah damn : HELLO I AM IN MILAN AND LOOKING TO TRAVEL TO SANTO DOMINGO ON WEDNESDAY AUGUST 24 . SORRY ALL THE YELLING I 'M A HELICOPTER Wizard : How many people will travelling you ? User : ME . JUST GON NA TAKE SOME PICTURES OF MADONNA Wizard : ok ! perfect @ when do need to be back ? : DOES MATTER ! I WANT TO GO ON AUGUST 24 Wizard How would you like to go for ? User : OH I DO N'T CARE , I SPEND 3700 ! Wizard : How many people will be accompanying you ? User : ME ONLY ME Wizard : And how many people will be going ? User ME ONLY ME Wizard : Would a 4 star hotel suit your needs User : THAT SOUNDS GOOD WHAT THE PLACE CALLED ALSO ARE N'T THERE ANY 5 STAR HOTELS ? Wizard : Summer Rose its a 9 day stay with free breakfast , wifi , parking it leaves on the 24th as you desired and returns on the 1st of september . That would be $ 1930 would you me to it ? User OK BOOK THANK Wizard will book that now User : GOODBYE User : Hi there ! What kind of packages do have available to Santos from Leon ? Wizard : What would be your travel dates ? will you travelling alone or with other travel companions ? User : I only have a little bit of time off between August 18 and September 6 . I 'll be travelling by myself . I n't like other people . Wizard : For that time frame , only have high-end 5-star available . What is your budget ? User : I 'm going wild this vacation ! My purpose is to spend money , not save it ! me with your best shot ! Wizard or business class flight ? User : Business ! Wizard : The Sunny Aurora Hotel has a first class package available it 's 5-star location in Leon , which includes free wifi , on a a business class flight for very reasonable of 3709.22USD which is available with departures either on August 18 August 25th . User : How long is the stay Wizard : 10 days . It falls well within your dates . User : Great ! I 'll book this package with departure on the 18th . : We will take care of the booking send you a confirmation . Thank you have great day . User : Thanks ! : Hey there , I ’ m looking to check out a few destinations to see if they ll be appropriate for me to accept an in . I want to from August 27-30 , just enough to get a taste of each location . I am leaving from Monterrey and I would like to spend 5200 at most , as my internship is unpaid . Is there anything available to Kobe for these dates and ? Wizard : Unfortunately the closest flight can you for Kobe would be the 11th of . Would you like to hear about this package ? User : I was also looking at Munich .. Wizard : If you 're interested in Munich the closest I give you to your requested dates would be the 27th of August to the 1st of September However , package falls well your budget at 2813.20USD . User : The last destination am considering Paris . Wizard : Unfortunately I ca n't to find anything in Paris matching your required dates . User : Ok. Well I guess the best choice Let ’ s go and book that ! Wizard : ! Your trip been . Have fun ! User : Thank you : slightly_smiling_face : User : Good day sire . I would like book a recreational stay between 17 and September 3 . What has thou to offer Wizard Where would you be leaving from ? User : Frometh my small town Baltimore . Wizard : anyone be accompanying you ? : My lover , rides out with me Wizard : ! have a budget ? User : Not a penny more than 3500 There are flights to San Juan , Alexandria , Cleveland , and St. Louis . : What has thou offer in St. Louis ? Wizard : There is a trip from the 18th of August to the of August at a 5 star hotel that offers free breakfast wifi at a price of 1364.56 . There is also a trip for the same dates at a 3 star hotel that offers free breakfast and wifi that 1234.45 . User : I shall take the 5 star package : Great ! Your flight is booked ! Thank you for us ! User : oh oh man i am so fed up with work i cant wait til 5 oclock . but i need vacation Wizard : How can I help ? User : i 've got a few days off from august 26-august 31. im flexible on , i still want to somehow treat myself with an 8 day ( ? im leaving Dallas and i wan na check out mannheim Wizard : would a 5 day trip suffice ? User : sure dude Wizard : A 5 star hotel called the Regal Resort , it has free and spa User : dates ? Wizard : Starts on august 27th until the 30th User : ok that could work I would to see my options in Santos as well Wizard : regal resort goes for $ 2800 or there is the Hotel Globetrotter in Santos it has 3 and comes with breakfast and , It leaves on the 25th and returns on the 30th ! all for $ 2000 User : ahh n't leave until august though Wizard : then i guess you might have to choose the Regal User yeah . I book Wizard : Thank you ! User : I must get away from the paparazzi . What packages you offer to Hiroshima ? Where you located ? User My friend Madonna and I would like to leave from Essen . Our only restraint is to be back by September . Wizard : I have nothing to Hiroshma from Essen User : What about from ? Wizard : You in luck , I do have some packages to Paris from Essen . What type of accomodations are you looking for ? User : Preferably 5 star , and a spa if it available Wizard : I do not have a 5-star but do have a 4-star , Hotel Regal Universe located near the museum and palace . I have business class seats available and it at a cost of 1065.96USD . You also have free wifi and a free breakfast . User : Yes that be just fine . What are the flight dates Wizard : August 25th returning Sept 3rd : I book one : I will book and your friend Madonna User : Thank you bot User : pokemon pokemon . i looking mewtwo in busan at the start of next month and i need a travel package Wizard : The best deal I can offer you is 14 days for 342.36USD . Would you be able to leave from Seoul ? User : need to leave from . whats the price now Wizard : If you 're leaving from Barcelona I can book you 6 days at the Lethargy Hotel for 3107.49USD . Am I correct that you would like to leave as soon as possible ? User : I would like to leave September 1 Wizard : Great ! This package runs from the 1st to the 5th of September . User : and I was to go to Dublin… what do the availabilities look like there ? Wizard : For the earliest I book you is of September . Would you like to hear more about this package ? User : I ’ d prefer to leave the first . can you give more info on the Busan hotel ? Wizard : You would be staying at the Smile , a 3-star hotel with a 7.06/10 guest rating , free breakfast , wifi and free parking . This resort is located within close proximity to both the park and the museum . User : ok lets book Wizard : Your trip has been successfully booked ! Enjoy your stay ! User : Thank you , my friend User : can I go Sacramento ? Wizard : I 'll what I can do . Where will you be leaving from ? User : phoenix Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : yeahhhh I spend more than 1900 ... : disappointed : Wizard : How many people are ? User : just Wizard : Do you know when you want to take your trip ? User : Between September 1 and 15th . Wizard : Would you like economy or business class for your flights ? User I do know if I can afford business class , can I ? Wizard : You can ! The class is 1129.47 a star hotel from the 4th to 12th . The hotel offers free breakfast and wifi . Would you be interested in package ? User : oooo yes but look a few more first . what about package to Hamburg ? : The only package for Hamburg is at a 4.5 star hotel and the price is 1845.59 . User : That could be nice , about Baltimore ? Wizard : There is a 3 star hotel for 1572.27 . User : What amenities does it include ? Wizard : This package includes free breakfast , , and parking . User : What are the flight details for Hamburg ? Wizard : Phoenix to Hamburg : 12:00 pm - Tuesday , September 2016 to 8:37 pm - Tuesday , September 6th 2016 Hamburg to Phoenix 3:00 am - Wednesday , September 14th 2016 to 11:37 am - Wednesday , September 14th 2016 User : Well that looks pretty good ! I 'll book this one . Wizard : Great ! trip is ! Have a nice trip and thank you for using wozbot ! User : Thank you User : I n't wait to get away from it all . live in Dublin and I 'd like to go to Pittsburgh . What 's available ? Wizard : I have 2 options , when is it you would like to travel ? User : Between August 17 and 30 would be ideal Wizard : I have 2.5 and 3.5 star packages available . Both are 11 day packages that work within your dates . User : Let 's explore the 3.5 star packages . What 's included ? Wizard : That would be the Onyx Isle Hotel , includes all usual amenities such as wifi , parking and a complimentary continental style breakfast with freshly baked buttery French croissants . It is available form August 17 to August 27th on both economy and business class flights . Is this you your ? User : How can I say no to that ? ! I 'll book it away ! Wizard : Awesome I will reserve that for you . : Hi ! I need to book an emergency trip for 10 adults and 14 children ! Wizard : Where are leaving from and where would you like to ? User I 'm from Kyoto and I want to go to Diagon Alley ! Wizard : you have a budget and/or dates that you want to travel : I have a budget and I have no time frame for the trip , I can leave any time . Wizard : I 'm sorry to inform you that there are no flights to Diagon Alley . Is there somewhere else 'd like to visit ? User : No ... really need to go there to steal a legendary recipe from pastry chef that I have long battled with for the croissants Wizard : Well I am very sorry but there are no results for Diagon Alley in my database . User I am sorry too . Now I lose title of best croissant maker . Goodbye ! : Hi there ! I only have 5 of vacation , and I want to do the best I can with it ! Can recommend packages August 30th ? Wizard : Where would you like to fly out of ? : Out of Belem . Wizard : would that for just ? User : Yes , I 'll be this . Wizard : How does Brazil sound ? User : Interesting what else do you have ? Wizard : during those I only have Goiania or Porto available User : What you have in Porto ? : In Porto I Delux , Breakwater and Golden Keep Hotel all available for day packages . User : Can you show me some prices ratings to compare ? Wizard : The Golden Keep leaves on August 30th . it is right near the beach and has a 4 star rating . User : What a catch ! How much is this package ? Wizard : only have is available on an economy class seat at 909.80USD . User : I 'll keep this one in mind . What you offer to Goiania ? Wizard : I 've Sept 2nd departure to the Scarlet Palms Resort . 3.5 star , not on the beach but close shopping and a Does that suit ? User : I leaning more towards the Golden Keep Hotel . Does it include breakfast ? Wizard It sure does and of course , wifi . User : A in a haystack I 'll this one before it runs away . Wizard : excellent I will book you User Thank you so much ! : hay i am doing some business globetrotting just me and a colleague . we need to get to Fukuoka some time between 27 and september 6 Wizard : Would you be able to leave from Osaka ? I could offer you 4 at the Mansion for 483.14USD . User : I can ’ t do Osaka anything from London tho ? Wizard : I can fit in a stay at the Historic Hotel from the 30th of August to 2nd of September . Leaving from London will bring your up to 3250.48USD . Is ok User : that would work ! but before we book it I also want to look at a to Mannheim - how much would , and could fit it between 27 and sept 6 Wizard : Yes I can ! You would be staying at the Regal Resort the 27th to the 31st of August . The cost of this package is 1971.39USD User : ok ! is that with my one colleauge included ? Wizard The same trip for two would be 3942.78USD . WOuld you like to book this trip ? User : how much would that be for the two of us to fukuoka left from Munich ? Wizard : A 6-day package Fukuoka would 4773.97USD for two adults . User : would be from Munich to Mannheim ? Wizard : Correct , that is from Munich to . The best deal I can offer you on a trip for two from Munich to Mannheim is 1313.14USD for six days . User : I think I will go back and the trip from London for 2 User : hey , so though the year is 2025 i need to book a trip for august 26 , 2016 to ... Wizard : Hi there ! where will you be from ? User : i am leaving Lauderdale . there are 3 others coming with me we want to go on August 26 Ok perfect ! do you have a budget to keep to ? User : yes - 15300 Wizard : Are your dates flexible ? User : sorta Wizard : Would leaving on the 27th for 10 days ? User : yes ! definitely Wizard : For those dates have the Amusement which is 4 star hotel with free parking and for $ : , is that for all 4 of us ? Wizard : Yes it is : slightly_smiling_face : would you like me to book that for you ? or i can Upgrade you to Business class for $ 3731 : lets upgrade business class ! i to be well rested for the : let me go ahead and do for you ! enjoy your hunting ! User : HI THERE . I NEED TO FIND MADONNA TO TAKE PICTURES OF HER AND HER FRIEND . I WORK FOR MAGAZINE . CAN YOU GET ME TO SAO PAULO FROM PORTO ? Wizard : Do you a budget ? User YES , COMPANY WILL ONLY PAY 1400 DOLLARS MY . Wizard : How many people in your party ? User : JUST ME . TRYING TO KEEP A LOW PROFILE . Wizard : Alright ! you have dates mind ? User : I WANT TO LEAVE ON THE 25TH OF . CAN YOU DO THAT FOR ME ? Wizard : Unfortunately there are only flights to Paulo . User : OH NO ... WHAT IF I INCREASE MY BUDGET BY 1000 DOLLARS Wizard : The apply even with the increase in your budget . User : I need to get to porto alegre for 9 from seattle . I only got 3600 dollars and need to get there september first . Wizard : Unfortunately I n't have any ten-day packages to . I could book you stay in the Breakwater Hotel from the 27th to the 31st of August for 2715.16USD . User : try to instead Wizard : I can book you 8-day package the Lethargy Hotel for 2172.95 USD . User : i would indeed like to hear more about this package Wizard You would be staying at the Lethargy Hotel , a 3-star hotel with a 6.77/10 guest rating free wifi , breakfast and free parking . This resort is conveniently located proximity to the park , museum and university . You be departing on Thursday , August at 10:00a.m . and returning on Wednesday , August 31st at 5:00 p.m. Would you like me this package ? User : I suddenly want to go to Wizard I could send you to Phoenix for 9 days for 1500.75USD . You would fly out the 27th August . User : when do i from there ! Wizard : How about the Recreation , a 3-star hotel with a 6.91/10 guest rating , free breakfast , wifi and free parking ? resort is located in close to both the museum and the university . would be departing for your destination on Saturday , August 27th at 12:00p.m . and leaving on Sunday , September 4th at . The total cost of this package is 1500.75USD . User : I need leave sept 1 and come around the 10th Wizard : I do this you from 6th to the 14th of September . This would cost a total of 881.63USD . User : and this is phoenix ? Wizard That 's correct . User : ok no thats not good enough im going elsewhere User : Perhaps I should explain it another time ... But first lets book a Tijuana ! Wizard : I can do that you . First , could you tell me what city is the closest . User : I 'm leaving from Birmingham and I 'd like to be back August 30th . Wizard : I one package available departing on August 24th and returning on your desired date August 30th . It is at 3-star Resort Jade Covert near the shopping district . User : Only one ? You do n't have anything better for the biggest popstar in the world ? ! Wizard : Not from Birmingham to Tijuana . Can I interest you in other destinations ? User Yes , what about packages to Paz Wizard : I have a nice 4 star rated hotel with a guest rating of 8.98/10 . That is available from the 19th to the 25th . Free breakfast , free wifi , free parking . User : if I left from Pittsburgh , are there better packages to or La Paz : The hotel package from to Tijuana is only a 3 star To La Paz it is the deal as from Birmingham - the Echo User : In that case , I prefer the 4 star package to La Paz from Birmingham . How much is ? Wizard : On business it will be 1555.55USD . Are you ready to book that package ? User : yes , please book it right away ! : : airplane : Wizard : I will proceed with your booking . User : Hi I only have 4000 dollars Wizard : Where would you like to go and where will you be leaving from ? : I dunno Wizard : you travelling with other people ? meh have n't thought about it yet Wizard Do you know when you want to travel User : between august 26 and September 2 I think Wizard : Great ! you any more thought to where you want to go ? User : New York could be fun Wizard : Where will you be leaving from User : Baltimore Wizard : Are your dates flexible ? User : yeahhhhhhh sorta Wizard : I can offer you a 2.5 star hotel , this includes free breakfast , wifi , and . The are from August 24th September 5th . The cost is 1066.66 . Does this package interest you ? : yaaaa maybe ... what Kobe ? Wizard : is a 3 star hotel August to September 1st . This package includes free and wifi costs 2793.63 . User : What about atlanta Wizard Unfortunately are no flights to User : Well then I 'm thinking the Kobe package would be the best ... Wizard : Great ! Would like me book it for you ? User : yepppppp Wizard : Your trip is booked ! Have a great vacation ! User : Thank you ! User : a vacatoin Wizard : HI where are you looking to ? User : indianapolis . i baltimore right now available from august 25 to september 14 Wizard : do you have a budget in mind ? User : nope i am just looking for something dope Wizard : ok ! How people will you be travelling with : nobody . i mean myself : I have one option of Hotel which is a 3 star hotel and free wifi , breakfast parking with a nearby beach , airport and University . It leaves on the 4th and returns on the 14th . User : ok. what is available in seoul tho Wizard : Ok . The only Hotel have available is the Harborview Hostel , has free breakfast and wifi and has 3 . It leaves on August 25th until 30th for $ 2600 User : ok 's keep that in mind as you search for packages in Manaus for Wizard : There ’ a 9 day trip available to The Serene Garden is a hotel for $ 2720 . It leaves on the 25th and returns on the 1st ok cool , any other in Manaus ? Wizard : None leaving on your requested date would you like me to show you ? : what hotels are available in Fukuoka during my travel windowl : Nothing for your desired dates ? User : dang ok well . whats the serene garden hotel ? Wizard There is a by park and museum , would you like me to book that for you ? User : what about breakfast tho Wizard : Free breakfast , Wifi and Parking . would you me to book it for you ? User : i think i want to book indianapolis instead Wizard : Sure Ill go ahead and that for you User cool thanks User : Hi darling , could you please book a trip from Goiania to Ulsan for me please Wizard : Hello ! How many people will be travelling ? : Just myself . Wizard : Do you have a budget for your trip ? User : Approximately 5000 dollars , but I 'm flexible . Wizard : dates for your trip ? User : Yes , 'd like to travel between August 17 and 29 if you please . : There flight from the 17th to 28th and it is at a 5 star that offers free wifi and parking . This package come to . Does this interest ? User : ! Yes , please do before someone : Great ! This package has been booked for you ! Thank you , Have a User Thank you ! User Ah Jeez . I need to travel from Puebla to Buenos Aires . I a terrific to go , I assure you . My backstory here is impeccable Wizard : You 're in luck ! I happen to have an opening at the Resort Pleasant from the 19th to the 29th of August . The total cost of package 2610.38USD . User : Wow , that 's amazing , thank you . you . But soft ! My mind changes- get from Puebla to Marseille . Wizard : If 're interested in Marseille , there 's a 10-day vacancy the Hotel the 25th August . This package cost you 2954.73USD . User : I do n't have to travel until the 27th ! Perhaps ... but ... but yes ! is in San Antonio ! Wizard If you would like to stay in San Antonio , you will have to extend your stay from 1st the of September . Would you like to hear more about one of these packages ? User : Book everything . User : Hello : : : can I help you today ? User : I would like to a trip to Punta Cana : slightly_smiling_face : am leaving from : slightly_smiling_face : Birmingham : slightly_smiling_face : User : Morning ! Lovely weather we are having : smiley : Are you in St. Louis ? I need to book trip ! Wizard : Good morning ! User Thanks much appreciated ! I 'm sooooo excited , I get to go to for the first time EVER by myself ! Can you help me get to Sapporo ? Wizard Absolutely , I would be happy to help ! Would you be interested in leaving SL on August 27th and returning on September 5th ? User : That would with my new internship . I 'm on a very tight budget though , the UN does n't pay for internships Wizard : Oh ok ! How much you like to spend ? : Not a dime over 4100 , it 's all I 've got ! Wizard : you ’ re in luck I can offer you the dates listed above for $ 2816.73 ! User : Cool ! me about the package , I want to make sure is JUST right . Wizard : Absolutely ! You staying at the Prism , a gorgeous three star hotel with free breakfast , free wifi , and free parking ! You would conveniently located next to a park and museum as well . That sounds great but better check out your flights to Belem the same dates . The UN also has an office there . If you have something leaving the 26th , it would be better . Wizard : I have 4.5 star in Belem that fits budget ! It would leave August 26 and return on September 6th - is this ok ? User : 4.5 stars ! Wow , never stayed in of those ! Tell some more this package please ! : airplane_departure : Yes ! You would be staying at Zion Hotel is on the beach features free breakfast . User : And how much is this package ? Wizard : You could splurge on flights for 4069.74 and still be within your budget , otherwise it would be 3155.22 for economy class . User : I really need to think about this I can go to Sapporo for $ 2816.73 or to Belem for $ 3155.22 , ? Which one do you thing offers better value ? Wizard Correct ! The Sapporo stay will last 11 days , while you would be in for 13 days User : How many stars is the Zion Hotel ? Wizard : is stars ! User : That sounds like the better hotel . Ca n't be too cautious travelling by myself for the first time ! I will that deal in an economy class 'm not ready for business , to pass that bar exam ! Wizard I go ahead and that for you . User : , I need to go to Kyoto pronto ! : Sure thing ! I can deal on package to Kyoto you be able to leave from ? User : No , I need to leave from Toronto . I need to be sometime between August 25 and Sept 7 . I 'll be travelling alone I am super nervous : flushed Wizard : In that , I can book you in the Glorious Bazaar from the 25th the 30th August . This package will cost you 2656.84USD . Would you like to hear more about this package ? : August 25th is man . My boss will be . Is this a hotel ? Wizard : The Glorious Bazaar Resort is a resort with a 0/10 guest rating , free breakfast wifi . It is conveniently located in close proximity to the museum . You would be flying out , August 5th at 9:00a.m . and returning on Tuesday , August 30th at 4:00a.m . you like to book this package ? User : Not yet , I need to do some comparison shopping . Our head office is in Chicago . Do you have anything leaving on Aug 25th from Toronto Wizard : Unfortunately the closest departure date I could give you would be the 2nd of September . However , I can you better deal on a flight if you leave on 7th . Would you like to hear more about either of these packages ? User : No the 7th is wayyyyyy too late , I need to be BACK by the 7th . What do you have to Porto between Aug 25 and Sept ? Anything under 3300.00 ? I 'm poor ! Wizard : I happen to have a package for you that 's only 2754.13USD . You be staying at Golden Keep Hotel from August 30th to 2nd . User : OMG is so confusing , I really do n't know what to do ! better leave on the 25th , yes that will make new happy .... need to go to Kyoto . The Glorious Bazaar Resort sounds like the right choice . What information do you need from me to book it ? Wizard : Would like me to book this trip ? User : Actually , I 'm really nervous about booking this right now . I will talk it over with my new boss and get back to you , thanks ! User : Hi I need to get to Calgary ASAP Wizard : a problem ! Where are you leaving from and dates would like to leave between ? User : I ’ be taking off Ulsan , I want to Leave on August Wizard : I have a number of 6 day packages available to Ulsan Do you have a budget ? User : I have budget of around 3800 can we see what that get ’ s me ? Wizard : How about a 4 star to the Amusement for only USD ? Or for 3072.42 USD with class flights User : I ll be honest I 'm a pretty reputable photographer and i need to some juicy shots of Madonna . I need to get to her Hotel But im not sure which it ’ ll be , Is that the best Hotel you got ? Wizard : At 4 stars The Amusement is star rating that I can offer . Others are only 2 stars . However , I can extend your stay to for 5223.62 USD . User : Maybe she will be low key and at a worse hotel… What other hotels are there in Calgary Wizard : We have here the 2 star Retro Inn near a and the airport . User Is it available for the dates ? also how much would that one be ? Wizard : Flights with this package depart on September 2nd only . The total cost would be 3238.76USD User : Okay thats just not gon na Okay let ’ s not kid ourselves Madonna staying at the best hotel because shes the : crown : Tell me the offers for again ? Wizard : 2495.75 USD for 6 at the Amusement departure on August 27th at 7:56pm ! User : And how much to make that a business class ticket ? Wizard : In it would cost 3328.7USD business class . User : Let ’ s book ! be making so much on these pics slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : Great , your booking is complete . User : THANK YAAAA User : Hi i 'm from Buenos , and want to book a trip Wizard : Where would you like to go ? User : I was thinking maybe Rome Wizard : you have a budget ? User : Not at the moment , but 'm looking for affordable Wizard Okay you be travelling ? User : Yup ! Wizard : specific dates you 'd like to travel User : Ideally August 17th until the : There is a 4 star hotel that includes free breakfast and wifi . The trip is from August 27th to the 31st and costs . User : Where would that be ? Wizard This package is for Buenos Aires to Rome . Would you like me to check packages for Alexandria ? User : Yes Wizard : There a from August to the 22nd at a 2.5 star hotel which includes free breakfast , wifi , and parking The class costs 1866.13 and the business class costs . User : rating does this hotel have ? Are there any ? Wizard : No , unfortunately the only rating is a 2.5 for this destination . User : Anything else with better amenities ? Wizard : For Alexandria ? : yaaaa Wizard : No , sorry , was the only result for this destination . User : Okay then let the one to Rome ? Wizard : Great ! Your trip booked ! Have great day ! User : Thnk you ! User : Hi , I need to go somewhere warm ! Wizard : would you like leave from ? User : , it 's much colder here than people think . : Oh , ok ! When would to travel ? User : Ideally , need to leave this Thursday the 25 Wizard : Ok ! did you have any particular location in mind ? User : Not really , just warm , beach sunshine I have 3400.00 to spend . Wizard : Alright , and do you a return date in mind ? User : I must back for my sister 's wedding on 12 September I the maid of honour . She kill me if I 'm not back on time . I really need to get tan before the wedding though ! Wizard : ! I have something mind for you . be interested in Monterrey , Mexico I can book you a 4.0 star hotel on the beach ! would leave August 27 and return home on September 7 User : That sounds so perfect ! What is included that package ? I do not like pay for breakfast ! Wizard : ’ re in ! Free breakfast , free wifi , and free parking are all included in the package ! User : Book it ! Wizard Sure thing : slightly_smiling_face Thank you for using my services today . User : Hi I want to take my kids on a wonderful vacation , can you help me find something that my wife and I will approve on . Wizard : Sure ! Where will you leaving from ? User : Were leaving from Naples : Do you have a budget ? User : $ 9500 is what my is letting me spend but i have to ask for her permission Wizard : How many people will be travelling ? User : My kids who i love so ! And of course my beautiful lovely Wizard : Do you know when and your family would like ? User She was thinking between August and September 5th but the kids will have school , but she says itll be okay so i dont care what i think , those dates preferably : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : We only have one destination in database leaving from Naples and that is Hamburg . User : that sounds fine what packages are available Wizard : What flight would you prefer ? or business class ? User : We try to stay financially smart let 's say economy Wizard : This package is from the 25th to the 30th of August . The hotel is 3 stars and offers free breakfast , wifi and parking . The of this package is 6166.86 . User : I to treat my loveys to the best you have any better rated hotels ? : Sorry , we only have the one hotel for trip . User What if left from birmingham ? Wizard : The only result for this a to Calgary . : well that doesnt seem ideal , i left Dallas Wizard : You go to Cana you leave from Dallas . User : what star hotels they have there ? Wizard 2.5 and 0 star hotels . User : Okay let 's see if from Marseille where could i go ! i need to make this perfect ! Wizard : You go to , Germany . User Do you have anything to it doesnt matter where we depart from Wizard : We have flights to Belo Horizonte , Brasilia , Rio de Janeiro , Calgary , and Munich . Do any of these interest you ? User : Brazil seems safe for the family ! what offers are in Belo Horizonte Wizard : only result for Belo Horizonte is a 2.5 star hotel from the 27th to 31st of August . They offer free breakfst wifi , parking . cost for this package is 2961.50 . User : m8 ! Im coming out of st. petersburg , but i need some time for lonesome or at least imagine , can you me about some packages to Kingston Wizard : Where are you from and which dates would you like to travel ? User : OY M8 ! i said st. , didnt i ! well thats where im leaving from but want imagine a trip to Kingston Wizard : For which would you like to take this trip ? User : honestly i have this deadline for this project im working on , for my than adequate boss , which is on September lets pretend my trip starts then ! And do n't any cap on my spending , either , I am very rich Wizard : I have a 4 star stay in Kingston departing the Sept 8 , a 2.5 star stay in Kingston departing on September 2nd What do you ? User If its na be imaginary , let ’ s live ! Wizard : I can offer you a 4.5 star 6 stay Kobe at the Ivory Hotel What say ? User : amenities do they have ? Wizard : Free wifi only . However , they do boast a 8.69/10 guest rating . User : OHHHHH that sounds nice ! what about queenstown anything there ? Wizard : I have just the one . 7 days at Silver Palace , a 5 star resort with free breakfast and wifi . User : Thats what im talking ! ! ! what does it offer ? Wizard : It is near the museum and airport , boasts a 8.86/10 user rating and on September 8th . User : How much would that be for 2 ? Wizard : The best I offer is 4959.36 USD for two people with economy flights or 6362.72 for two people with business class flights . Which do you prefer ? User : Business all the way only the best for the imaginary Wizard : Shall we book ? User : Yes we may even though this trip wont happen I appreciate the in making this Fantasy ! I ’ never for get this ! THANK YOUU Wizard Your booking is complete . Have an excellent imaginary trip your ! User : Thank you ! : slightly_smiling_face : User : 'm getting married and my wife making me take of the honeymoon , I better get it right or I be in lot of hot water : : Wizard : Ok ! Well let me see what I can do for you today Where are you planning on taking your And where will you be leaving from User : I am of . That should please her , she 's difficult , you know . Wish me luck with this marriage . Wizard Ok I can find you package for a great price leaving from Hamburg . Would you like to travel from August 24-August 29 ? User : leaving from Portland ? That is the closest other city to us . Wizard : Would you like to travel from August 24 to August 30 from Portland ? User : The wedding on so we have to leave earlier than the . What do you have Naples for under $ 4100 Wizard : Ok ! In that , how August 27-September 2 for 3211 ? : Naples ? From Portland What kind of hotel ? It better be a good one or I will in major trouble . She scares me , you know . Wizard : will travel from Portland Naples and stay in a 3.0 star hotel with a guest rating of 8.8 . You will stay in the heart of the city with museums ! User : You 're lucky , dude . Is breakfast included , like I said , food is ... Wizard : Yes ! Free breakfast and free wifi User : That sounds great dude , you are really helping me out here . You have no idea how much this means me . Wizard I am happy help slightly_smiling_face : Would you like me book this package for you at the Courtyard Resort in Naples as I have earlier described it ? User : Will we be flying business ? Wizard I can upgrade your flights business class - 4119.96USD would be the total . User : For $ 19 over our budget , we might as well business class . Yes book that now please it 's done and out of the way . User : I 'm getting married and my husband want to go to Kobe on our honeymoon Wizard : Hi there ! city will be departing from ? : We are getting married Phoenix , a southern wedding . It 's costing my parents fortune . Make the honeymoon is cheap please cause my has no money either . Wizard : The deal I could offer you on trip to Kobe would be a 2886.64USD package . I could set you up in the White Square . You would be flying out the of August . Would like to hear more about this package ? User : have nothing around the 18th ? Wizard : If it fits into your schedule , I could book you in the Ivory Legacy Hotel the 17th to the 21st of August . The total cost package is 2934.51USD . Would you like to hear more about this package ? User No it does not suit our schedule the wedding is on the 17th . Do you have anything to Rome instead ? Wizard : Unfortunately the nearest date I could offer for a flight to Rome would be the 27th of August . Would you like to try another destination ? User No forget it We need to leave on the 18th . Wizard : Understood , thank you for using our service ! User : Hi Leaving from Cleveland ! And need to Mexico City , and it needs to be on Friday September 2nd Wizard : How many people will ? User just myself i got a job as an intern , Itll be my first time travelling alone Wizard : What is your budget User : Its tight , its a non paid internship , i only have $ 2100 : For City , there is a 3.0 star , beach , shopping , mall . The is 2002.66 and there is free wifi free parking . User : oh thats cutting it close , is there anything cheaper the other places ? Wizard : 've got a star hotel in Guadalajara near a park and an airport . The total price of package is 765.13 and this includes free breakfast free wifi , and free parking . This trip on September 8th and returns on September 21st . Does this interest ? User : Yes it does this seems better more affordable : Would you like me to book this package for you ? User : Please go ahead and do ! Wizard : Great ! Your flights are booked Have a great day User thank you User : WOHOO SPRING BREAK ! ! ! im in tjiuana and i to get out of here Wizard : have anywhere in particular in mind or a set of dates ? User : 30th to September 15th would be perfect Wizard : I have some sweet deals for Mexico for under 1000 USD . Do you have budget ? User : We got $ 6200 : wink : Wizard : How many will you be User : 5 in total Wizard : Are you interested going to Mexico , St. Louis , Miami or User : Mexico sounds fun exciting Wizard : The in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico sure does ! A 3 star stay including free , wifi and parking with a 8.86/10 guest rating . User : Is it near a beach ? Any better rated hotels ? Wizard : I do not have information on vicinity a beach . I can however offer a great deal at the star White Peak Hotel in Cancun , Mexico for days . User : much would that be ? Wizard : Only USD ! : OMG let ’ s book it Wizard : This also includes business class flights leaving on September 6th User : This is business ? im excited ! Wizard Great ! Your trip is booked ! Have wild march break ! User : thank youuuu User : I 'm a designer and I 'm going be doing an internship with a VERY famous fashion designer . Do you have any flight and hotel packages to Rome ? Wizard : Sure thing ! Leaving where ? User : Busan : Unfortunately I don ’ have anything available from Busan Rome User Okay .... how to San Antonio ? : unamused : Wizard : Would you like to travel to San Antonio or from there ? : To Antonio from Busan . I live in Busan . Wizard : Ok ! How about the Winter Hill Inn ? ’ s available from August 25-September 1st . User : I can not leave before the 27th Wizard : In that case I can book you September 1-8 at the same hotel . User : give me flight details Wizard : You will leave Busan at 11 am on Thursday September and arrive at 11:24 pm in San Antonio . You will depart from San Antonio at 1 am September and return home at 1:24 pm . User How about some details on the Winter Hill Inn ? I really want to be near a park . Wizard : is near a park , movie theatre and mall ! The hotel is 2.0 stars with a guest rating of 4.74 and features free parking , wifi , and free breakfast User : 2 star hotels are usually dumps . Do you have better ? Wizard There is another 2 star available in San Antonio but the guest rating is 7.15/10 . User sound like a princess but over my dead body I will stay in a 2 star hotel , specially in Antonio I am a fashion designer Plus 'm travelling alone ! You got anything in ? We have house of design there too . Wizard I have a couple of 3.0 star in Barcelona . Would this ok ? User : No that wo n't do either . I need a five star for under $ 3900 . Wizard : I ’ m sorry but I have meeting requirements for the destinations you have given me . User : Hey I in Mos Eisley and I need a flight ! Wizard : I ca n't seem find any flights out of Mos Eisley . Would you like to try another departure destination User : I could drive to Columbus and try to out of there instead Wizard : In that case , I can offer you a four-day package to for . you like to hear about this package ? User : Where would I have to fly out of to go to then ? Wizard : I can book you a to Ulsan Columbus . You would be stayong at the Grandiose Willow Resort for 12 days , bringing your total cost to 2645.30USD . However , if you are flexible on your city of departure , I can book you a that leaves from Hiroshma , Japan that is only 228.28USD . Would you like to hear more about either of these packages ? User : dates are from August 15 to August 24 the package out of ( to Ulsan ) meet my ? Wizard : Unfortunately all available packages from Columbus to Ulsan depart on the 27th of . User : if I leave from Hiroshma ? Wizard : Unfortunately the 27th of August is the closest date of departure I can give you if you are leaving from Hiroshma . User : okay thank you good bye Wizard : Thank you for using our service ! Have a nice day ! User I dream of one day going to San Diego and doing the pub tour . My friends have all done it and say it 's awesome . What can you offer me in San Diego ? Wizard : If you depart from Philadelphia , I can offer you a 4-day package San Diego for 497.50USD . Would you like to hear more about this package ? User : I have to from Recife ! Philadelphia is too far away , I want beer . Lots of beer . How about Curitiba ? Wizard : Are you looking to depart from or travel to ? User : I have to leave from Resife . It 's where I live my boring life . Curitiba sounds like it has a great nightlife . Wizard : Would you be interested in 11 days at the Leisure ? If you fly out on the 30th of August the package is only 1088.27USD . User : What abut something in Frankfurt ? They also have lots of beer there ! Wizard : If you leave on the 27th I can offer you a 9-day package in Frankfurt for 3907.92USD . Would you like to more about this package ? User : Sure , what kinds of are close by . I dream going to museums , going to the beautiful parks ... Wizard : I do n't have any information on the Palms Resort location , however I can tell you it is a 4.5-star hotel a guest rating , free breakfast and free wifi . Would you like to book this package ? User How much ? Wizard : The total cost of this package is 3907.92USD . User : Hi im a failing author and i need some headspace looking to get away with my family ! can you help out ? Wizard : Most definitely ! Where are you from and would you to go ? User : Were from Punta Cana ! maybe Fortaleza if there something affordable , last book sold 2 copies Wizard : How many people there be in total ? And dates are you for User : just my wife and . not sure when i just want to go for two days tho Wizard : I do not have any packages available to Fortaleza for under days . The shortest say can offer is 5 in the Cuba . Would you like to know more about this package ? User : Paris for 2 days ? Wizard : Sorry , but can only a 5 day trip to Paris . User If we can find something for less than 3000 lets try and book something Wizard : I have a 5 day stay Rose Sierra Hotel in Santo Domingo , a 3 star the beach and shopping , under USD . User : whats in Fortaleza again ? Wizard : I have a day trip to a 3 star hotel in Fortaleza , Brazil for USD . User : Let ’ s book that straight away and hope my luck doesnt run out Wizard : Great ! is complete . User : Hey i think want go KYOTO Wizard : Where will you be leaving from ? User : St. Louis ! Wizard : Do you a budget in mind ? User no budget at the moment How many people will be travelling ? User : 3 friends me Wizard : What dates you to travel ? User : August to the 26th preferably Wizard : I can get to Kyoto from the 18th to 26th ! is 3 star hotel and a museum as . There is free breakfast and wifi . total cost of this trip is 7818.13 . Does interest you : Any other ? Wizard Unfortunately no , there is the one . User : Is anything available in San Jose ? Wizard : There are no results that coincide with your preferred dates . User : then i guess lets book the one to kyoto Wizard : Great ! Your flights are booked User you ! User : Hi im in Munich and want to go to Dallas Wizard Great ! Any dates in ? User : not atm : Ok ! I have one hotel available from August 26-30 . How does that sound ? User : you tell me about it ? Wizard : Absolutely ! The hotel located in the heart of Dallas near a museum and has wifi breakfast included . It has a 2.5 star rating with a guest rating of 5.14 User hmm interesting are there any better rated ? Wizard : I ’ m sorry but that is the only one I have . I can check out other destinations for you if you would like . User : Sure what about kobe ? ? Wizard : I have several hotels in Kobe for you ! go up to 4.5 stars . Have you got budget in mind to help me narrow down the best one for you ? User : Lets see the available Wizard : That would be the Ivory Legacy Hotel - a 4.5 star with wifi . User : how much ? Wizard : I have a 6 day package available for 3052.85USD . User When would i departing Wizard : You could leave August 30th User That work ! Wizard : Ok , great ! Shall I go and book ? User : Yes please ! : You ’ re set : slightly_smiling_face : Enjoy ! User : thanks : Hi im from Hauston looking to get to my Wizard : would you to go and when would you like to start ? User Ulsan i should be ther on August 27th : Let me see what I can find . Do you have to stick to a budget ? User : $ 5600 unfortunately very tight budget Wizard : I have here 11 days in Ulsan at a 5 star hotel for 4484.47 USD , what do you think ? User : What do have in Athens I have 5 day starting at 4038.40 in Athens . : When does it ? Wizard : For 4102.24 USD , you can leave on August 27th . User : I will have to book that Wizard : Great ! The Lunar Jewel Lodge is 3 star hotel with free wifi and parking . User : you know wha never scratch that i want to book the day stay in ulsan Wizard : The Crimson Seaside Hotel 4 stars a 7.06/10 user rating It 's located near the market and royal palace , and free wifi and parking . User : when would it leave and return ? Wizard : It August 27th at 1:29 am and returns September 5th User : That seems great and what that like to if i wanted to Tolucca Wizard : I 'm sorry , but I can not find any results for Tolucca User : let ’ sbook the one to ulsan Wizard : Fantastic you 're all booked up ! User : Thank yoU Hi I live Kakariko Village and I want go away ! Where could I ? : ca n't to find any flights out of Kakariko Village . Would you like to try another departure location ? User : Well I have no money ... if I just stay here and a in town ? Do you have any IN Kakariko Village I can just hang out at lol ? Wizard : ca n't any available hotels in Kakariko Village would you like to try another destination User : Do you have any anywhere for $ 400 : If you can leave from Nagoya , I can book you for 7 days in Kyoto for 110.93USD . Would you like to hear more about this package ? User I will find way to get to Nagoya for that price , whatever the package is book it $ 110.93 is totally within $ 400 budget . : grinning Wizard : Done ! Your package been booked . Enjoy your stay ! User Thank you for your finding this killer deal . User : Good you I 4 off coming up and I need a little getaway . Wizard : Great When would you to travel ? User : On August 15 . Wizard : Where would you like go and where will you be leaving from ? User : I do really care I go to be honest . If you offer me a good deal leaving on August 15 I will take it . more than 4 days though . Wizard : Where will you be leaving from ? User : Berlin Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : No budget . I want it to be fabulous ! Wizard : We have a package to Punta Cana at 3.5 hotel that includes free breakfast and wifi . This will cost 2471.91 . Does this interest you ? User : been to Punta Cana . What do you have ? Wizard : Columbus User : you tell me about the Columbus . I hope it has a spa ! Wizard : This package has 3.5 star hotel , museum , shopping , and it is in the of the city . The hotel free and wifi . This trip is from August 21st to the 24th and costs 2490.14 Does this you ? User : Do any of the packages in Punta Cana have a spa ? haircut : Wizard : Unfortunately they do not . User : Are any of packages Punta at a star rated hotel or close to the beach ? Wizard : Sorry , none of the are by the beach and the highest hotel rating is a 3.5 . User : I really want a spa . If you have nothing to offer with a spa , I 'll shop around . User Hi my work colleagues and I want to go to the car rally in Santo Domingo We can from Belem . rally starts August . Wizard : How many people will you be traveling with ? User : We are 4 people in total . Car aficionados . There 's a rally in Minneapolis too if you have that is . Wizard : Unfortunately I ca n't find any flights to Minneapolis that would get you to your destination on . If you are flying out to Santo Domingo on the 24th of August I can book for 11 days in the Summer Rose for 6159.78USD . User : Do you have anything to Minneapolis from Dublin ? Wizard : I ca n't find any packages from Dublin Minneapolis 24th of August . User : Can tell me more the Summer Rose in Santo Domingo then ? Wizard : It is a hotel with 8.8/10 rating , free breakfast , free wifi and free parking . This is located conveniently located close to the beach and a major shopping center . You be flying on Wednesday , August 24th at 2:00 p.m. and returning Saturday , September 3rd at 4:00 a.m. Would you like me to book this package ? User : Near the beach , well that sounds great as the rally is on the beach . I 'm gon na to call you back cause I not sure my work colleagues are good with Santo Domingo . This leaves from Belem , correct ? Wizard : yes User Okay okay whew yes just book it sounds great sounds fantastic : Hi im from Sydney and i want go to mannheim Wizard : Ok , great ! Any time or money constraints ? User : no budget but i want to go on August 17th to the 31st Wizard : Ok , let me see what I do : slightly_smiling_face : Will you be travelling alone User : Yes i will be Wizard : on the information you ’ ve given me I can offer the 5 star Resort from August 17-22 ! User : What does ? Wizard : Your package , priced at USD , offers wifi and access to onsite spa . User : Do you have anything in Denver Wizard : I multiple star hotels available for your in Denver ! User : Please tell me about the one that offers the most Wizard : The Brass Renaissance Resort offers free breakfast and free wifi . It located near park . User : how much would it be ! Wizard : I can offer a 6 package for 1164.27USD User : Any other cheaper hotels Wizard : In Denver the cheapest I can for a 6 day package is 821.83USD at the Oriental Resort . This hotel is located near a University and a Museum . User : whats the rating of this one Wizard : stars User : Doyou have anything ini Munich ? : have a star hotel in Munich for 2040.38USD ! User Is that more expensive than Regal ? Wizard : No , it is about 20 dollars cheaper . User : Can we book one to Regal ? Wizard : Done User : Perfect Thank you ! User : I need to get to NAPLES Wizard : No problem , where are you leaving User : Wizard When would you like to leave ? User August 19th Wizard : I have packages starting at 2426.22USD . Do you have a budget or a companion User : my budget is $ 4700 Wizard : How about 14 days at the 3 star Courtyard Resort for USD ? User : And what if i had no budget ? Wizard there are no other options User what are the Wizard : August September 8th I have found a 14 day package for only 2434.53 USD at the 4 star Tower Hotel . Would you like to know more about hotel ? User : I need to go on August 19th Wizard : For 2426.22 USD you can leave on August 18th and stay for 14 days at the 3 star Courtyard Resort . User : Let ’ s book it ! Wizard : Great ! Shall I go ahead and book this for you ? User : Yes please ! Wizard : Your reservation is complete ! Thank you ! User : hanks User : This is my first time booking a trip with a machine .... hope works .... so I will be very specific . I need go to Berlin . Paulo . We are 3 and 1 child We have $ 14900 at most to spend on this trip . Can you figure this out ? Cause if I call a travel agent Please that you . Over and out . : When would you like to ? User : As soon as possible . Do you comprehend ? Wizard : I will check results for your specific requests . User : Okay how about 27 : Yes we have from August September 2nd . All hotels are 5 stars . We a great package for 11185.19 and free breakfast and wifi included . Does this interest you ? User : Yes . Yes does . you please more details ? Are sure correct ? Wizard : Yes . The hotel has a 8.86/10 guest . leave at 10:00am on August 27 . Returning flights leave at 1:00am September 2nd . User : Do you know from database whether it is an economy flight or a business class flight Wizard : This is an economy . Would you like me to the information for a business class flight ? User : yes please check this information for a business class Wizard : Everything is the same this flight except the price will 14268.47 . User : I have $ 14900 to spend so that will work . Please book this exactly as discussed me a confirmation . I am not used to dealing with a .... machine . Wizard : Great ! Your flight has been booked . You get a confirmation email soon . Have a great day and thank you ! User : Thank you . You did . I will definitely use you again . User Hi Imm looking to a vacation to Curitiba Wizard : Ok , ! What is your preferred departure city User : can leave from Detroit Wizard : Awesome : : Would you like to travel from August 30th to September 9th ? User : i rather go on August 19th until September 3rd Wizard : How about the 19th-29th of August ? User that would work too Wizard : Great ! I can offer 11 days at Dual Basin Residence . It is near shopping malls , a market , and located on the beach . The rating is 3 stars with a guest rating of 8.22/10 . User : That sounds interesting are there any hotels ? Wizard : That is the only one available within your date range User : Anything in Essen during those dates ? Wizard : Nothing during those dates . User : Okay if i leave from manaus what would i have Wizard : You could stay 9 days at either 2 or 3 star hotel . User : how much for a 3 star Wizard With economy flights , $ User : and for business With business flights 4667.70USD User : if i go to curitiba Wizard : From Manaus you can spend 9 days 1140.78USD User : would that be cheaper if left from Detroit ? Wizard : It would be cheaper from Detroit . You would stay at a 3.0 star hotel . User : and from manaus also a 3 star ? Wizard : yes User : book User : Hi , the team manager for the Phoenix Sportsteam and need to book the guys a short vacation , they to relax for few days . We having a crappy season . Wizard : Where would like to and do you have a set of dates in mind ? User No but as soon as possible . We are 25 . We need do this for under $ 2800.00 Wizard : I have a 7 day package to the Glorious Bazaar Resort Kyoto for 2773.26USD . Does this interest you ? User : It sure does babe . What 's your name , ? Wizard : Departure is Thursday August 25th 10:37am . You on August 31st at 5:37 am . User : sounds good , let 's book that . Next time I want to speak to a real person , preferably female . Thank you . Wizard : Thank you using services ! a good day ! User : Hi i got an internship in Frankfurt need to get there August : Hello ! Do you know which city be departing from ? User Ill be getting of Madrid Wizard : It looks like have package Frankfurt from the of August to 2nd of September . Does 1163.55USD fall within your budget ? User : yes it does my is $ 2500 . in maceio Wizard : Yes I , however at 3500.58USD it is a bit out of your budget range . Would you to hear more about this package ? User yes please Wizard : You would be staying at the Hotel Regal Time , a 3.5-star hotel with a 8.8/10 guest rating , free breakfast and free wifi . This is conveniently located close to the park the theatre and a local market . You be flying out on Sunday , 21st at 4:00p.m . and returning Friday , September 2nd at . Would you like me to this package ? User : This seems perfect ! may you please go ahead and bookit Wizard : Your trip has been succesfully booked ! Enjoy your stay ! User : Thank you User : I need to go to Minneapolis August 17 business and I need you take care of this and efficiently . Can you do for ? Wizard : I handle it ! Where are you leaving from and you a budget ? User : I can from Kingston . It has to be between 17 and 31st . I want business class flights only . Wizard : I can offer you at the Antique leaving August 17th in business class . What do you think ? User : Is it a 5 star hotel ? I travel a lot for business and a good hotel . Wizard : It is only a 2.5 star . What is your budget I 'll see what I can find . : I have no , the company pays anyway . I comfort . I colleagues who will also be travelling with me . I 'm a busy person so let get this done We can also go to Hamburg if you have better hotels there . Wizard : How many people will be travelling with you ? : We will be 6 . And we can leave from Tokyo if you find us a deal in a 4 or 5 star hotel , business , within my dates . : I can not offer anything above 2.5 stars Minneapolis , but I can offer you a 4 star 8 day stay in the Traveller Inn , leaving on the of August . User Do we leave from Tokyo ? Wizard : Kingston . If you leave from Tokyo you can fly August 18th and stay in the 4 in : What does that include ? Wizard : Free breakfast wifi with business flights . hotel also boasts a 8.98/10 guest rating . User : How much is that going to cost the company ? Oh never mind , just book it . I 'm not here to shop around . Wizard : It comes to a of 16843.68 USD . Your reservation complete . Have a good trip ! User : Thank you , you have very efficient User : GOINGGG ON SPRING BREAKK need to make it sweet ! Wizard : Welcome ! Do you have destination in mind ? User heard Cleveland is good to go Wizard : If you 're in Cleveland I book you 8 days at Pleasant Court leaving from San Juan . User : well im from boston ! what do you have in dallas Wizard : If you 're flying from Boston to Dallas I can book you in the Winter Hotel from the 26th to the 30th of August for 821.32USD . Would like to hear more this package : what about tampa ? : There vacancy at Tampa 's Loch Hotel from the to the 7th of September . it costs 804.91USD User : i need to leave on the 17th and return on the 24th Wizard that case , book you from to 22nd . This would bring your total cost to . User : and where would this be Wizard : This package is for tampa User : whats the hotel like ? Wizard : You be staying at the Dual Hotel , 3-star hotel with a 8.8/10 guest rating , breakfast , free wifi and free parking . It is conveniently located in close proximity to the park , museum , beach and airport . You would be flying out on Friday , August at 6:00p.m . returning on Monday , August 22nd at 3:00a.m . The total cost of this is 1056.50USD . Do you me to book this package ? User : ! go ahead and book it now ! ! ! ! ! ! : Your trip has been successfully booked ! Enjoy your User : Denver , I come ! I need to help me book a trip . It 's most important trip of my life ! Wizard Hey , sounds ! are you leaving from ? User : St. Petersburg . just got an ! only have $ 3200 at the moment , so let 's keep it under that until I start to make some bucks Wizard : How does one tenth of your budget sound ? I can give you a deal from August 26-31 for . User : Holy that 's cheap ! Anything wrong with it ? That 's just like way to cheap Wizard : It ’ s a 3 star hotel with free . I can do 4.0 star hotel for if you prefer , but the dates would be Aug 27-Sept 1 . User : I 'll to the 3 star save some $ $ $ . What 's the name of the hotel ? Is there anything to do my down time ? It 's my first trip alone I need stuff to do on the weekend . Wizard : Ok ! Well 3 star , the Resort , is near a university and a museum for your entertainment ! User : like I lucked out then , Denver here I come ! ! ! Wizard : Wonderful : slightly_smiling_face : So will go ahead and book that for you ? User YEAH ! User : Salut ! I am ze number one pastry chef in ze world ! There is this fantastic beautiful intoxication made by an ami mine in Melbourne . in Guadalajara and I need , need , to a taste can you me , good friend ? Wizard : Sure ! Do you have a budget ? User : $ 3300 around I should suffice for everyone Wizard : How many people will be travelling ? User : all my lawyers and my 3 cherished children Wizard How many adults are going ? User : 5 will be joining me Wizard that will 5 adults and 3 children people altogether ? User : yess Wizard Great ! When would you like to leave return ? User : anytime works for Wizard : Unfortunately there are no results for your in my database Is there another destination you like to try User : NO , it has to be melbourne Wizard : There are no results in my database , apologies . User : thanks for nothing User : my 4 friends and i want to get away Wizard : Where would you like to go ? User : not sure where we would like to leave from nepal Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : $ 10,000 Wizard : What dates would you like to be travelling ? User : planning leaving on August 19 and returnign the 31 Wizard : We have trips to Kyoto , Belo Horizonte , Brasilia , and Hamburg . Do any of interest you ? User : Let 's out Kyoto Wizard : We have a 3 star hotel that offers free breakfast and wifi . The is from the 25th to 31st and costs 554.65 . User : are there any better rated hotels in Belo Horizonte or Brasilia Wizard : A 3 star hotel is the best I can offer . Horizonte has a 2.5 star hotel and Brasilia has a star hotel . User : what are the prices there ? Wizard : Belo Horizonte 720.91 and Brasilia is 721.50 . User : What do hotels offer ? what dates do these fall on Wizard : Both destinations are from August 27th to 31st and both offer free breakfast , and parking . The hotel in Belo has a beach and places to shop nearby , Brasilia has a museum , , and theatre . User : It seems that horizonte is the way to go : wink Wizard : ! Would you like me to book this for you ? User : Please do ! Wizard : ! Your has been booked ! User : Thank you ! User : ! I have 2 golf tournaments coming up and I want to see which one has the best package . Let 's take a look at Chicago first . Wizard : , sure thing : slightly_smiling_face : are you departing from ? : I 'm in Seattle . Ever been to Seattle ? : What dates would you like to travel ? User : Anytime between August 27 to September 10 Wizard : I have one available Chicago for that range . It is 2.5 stars and located in North Chicago near park and a museum . It has free wifi , breakfast and free parking . User : Okay how about Rome ? Wizard : I have 3 four star hotels available in Rome for your date range and one 0 star hotel in Rome . User : Are any of the Rome hotels near the beach ? Wizard : Sadly there are no beaches . There are some available near a Cathedral and/or shopping districts . User : Well I do like cathedrals Wizard There ’ s Hotel Grand Residence which has free , wifi , and guest rating 8.8/10 . The Hotel Emerald Legacy a guest of 8.22 and free breakfast and wifi as well . The Double Pastures has a guest rating of 8.98 in addition to free breakfast and free wifi like the other two . User : Let 's book the Pastures : Hi I for a big multinational corporation they are sending me to San Diego . I 'm presently working out of Tokyo . Wizard Hi there What is your departure date and will you have any colleagues joining you ? User : No it 's first time traveling alone . I 'm looking forward it . I just want make sure I make the right decision on where to do my internship . It 's crucial to my career . Wizard : And what dates would you like to travel between ? User : August - 31 August Wizard have packages starting at 3677.6USD to Diego for days . Do you a price limit for this trip ? User : It 's $ 4800 but I rather not spend it all . What you have to Mannheim Wizard : I can offer you 5 days at the 5 Regal Resort 3031.30USD The hotel includes free wifi and a spa . User : deal than San Diego and we have an office in Mannheim too : grinning : can me dates to sure they work ? Wizard : Departure is the 27th of August and you would return on the 30th . User : , this is it . Time for me to go to Queenstown ! Wizard : Do you know which city you be departing ? User : probably San Diego Wizard : If you 're headed to Queenstown I can book you 6 days at the Palace for 2523.42USD . There 's also a 5-day opening Ulsan at the Grandiose Willow Resort for 3372.83USD . Would you like to hear more about either of these packages ? User : wwhich one offers better amenities ? Wizard : The Palace offers free wifi and free breakfast and is located in close proximity to both museum and the airport . The Grandiose Willow free wifi free parking , and is located within walking distance of both the park and the university . : I think queenstown be a better stay this vacation Wizard : Nice ! I 'll get stright to it for you then . Have fun on your trip ! User : Thanks User : Hi we want to go to San Juan Wizard : Where will you be leaving from User : Gotham city Wizard How many people will you be bringing along ? User : 7 kids and adults with me Wizard What is your budget ? User : $ 3,000 Wizard : Do you have any dates in for travel ? User : Not really Wizard : The cheapest we have for your request is over 8000 . User : so scratch my budget Wizard : We have no trips flying out of Gotham City . Is there a different city nearby ? User : can leave St. Louis instead Wizard : We have flights from Montreal . User : We can work with Wizard : We have one star and the are stars . would you prefer ? User : 4 star , tell me about it Wizard : There is a museum , shopping , and market . hotel offers wifi . This package is from September 6th to 9th and costs 11095.78 . and the 2.5 stars because i dont think i have that money Wizard : Your cheapest option 8308.86 . User : tell me about it why dont you Wizard : Its offers free breakfast and , with a market close by . has economy class seats and the trip is from September 4th to 7th . Would you me to book this for you ? User : Yes please go ahead that one actually seems better Wizard Great Your trip is booked ! User : Thanks ! : to book a trip to SL Wizard : Where will you be departing from ? User : Maceio would be best Wizard : I can book you in the Chateau Inn & Suites from the 27th to the 31st of August The of this package is 2662.94USD . Does that fall within your schedule and budget ? User : and yes but can you tell me more about the hotel Wizard : The Chateau Inn and Suites is a 3-star hotel with a guest rating , free breakfast free wifi . Is conveniently located in the vicinity of both the airport and the beach . User : And are there any other ? Wizard : I have two other hotels with vacancies in same time . The Cloak Inn , a 3-star resort with a 7.15/10 guest rating , free wifi and free breakfast , has an opening from the25th to the of . This package costs 3134.69USD . There is also Palacio , a 3.5-star hotel with a 9.16/10 guest , free breakfast , free wifi and free . This resort has from the 27th to the 30th August , bringing the total cost of your to 3209.60USD . : I will be going with my 6 kids and my 3 how much would that be for the tranquila Wizard : This bring your total to 24739.65USD . User : its a little over my budget anything a bit cheaper ? Wizard : is the best deal offer you on the Palacio Tranquila . However I can offer cheaper packages both the Chateau Inn ( 20525.98USD for the 28th to 31st ) and the Glorious Cloak Inn ( 24162.23USD for the 25th to the 29th . ) User : I will have take Chateau please Wizard : I will get straight to booking your trip then . Enjoy your stay ! User : thanks User : I know where Mewtwo is ! ! ! I have it from a very good source and I 'm gon na go hunt him down ! : Where would you like to go ? User : I 'm gona be rich i go to north vancouver Wizard : Ok ! And are you coming from ? User : munich ! ! Wizard : I have the Twin Inn and Suites available - leave August 27th . User : my hunting party is 5 adults Wizard : In that case package would cost you 16111.84USD . User : that sounds good , next i want go to Belem Wizard Would you to leave from North Vancouver or Munich ? User : munich Wizard : Ok ! There are several options available you . A 4.5 star beachside hotel , two hotels near both the beach and the airport , a 3.0 star hotel near a Cathedral . User : what is price for this one : There are 4 different hotels mentioned above : all 4 Wizard : Prices range from 15883.79USD 22590.19USD User : okay we will go to North and if Mewtwo is not there I will call you back to go to Belem . Book the Twin Canyon and Suites for and my hunting party Wizard : Great , consider it done . Good luck : slightly_smiling_face : User Theed Wizard : Would like to travel to or are you travelling from Theed ? User I wan to go to Theed : Great , will be leaving from ? User : Termina Wizard : When would you like to and do you have a budget for this trip ? User : August 13 Wizard Unfortunately I do not have any packages to Theed from Termina . User : what i give you more money Wizard : I am sorry , we do not have any packages to Theed Termina . User : bye Wizard : Thank you using our services . Have a good day . User : Wooooohoooooo it 's spring break time let go get wet and ! We need to book a place in the middle of the in Dallas . Close to beach sure . Wizard : ! Let me see what I can do for you . are you leaving from ? User : We are from U of Alexandria , biggest spring break partiers on the planet ! Wizard : How many will you be in this ? : we are 3 sophomore girls outta have a crazy . we have 3200 make sure it stays under that but we have to be on the beach even if it is a dump Wizard : What are dates for this trip ? User : Our spring break from Aug 19 to September 2 we can also go to santo tons of there : I have only a 4 day stay at Winter Arc , at the of city in Dallas . For Santo Domingo can offer you a 9 day stay on the beach and near shopping for 3025.26USD . What do you think ? User : santo domingo it is thanks by the way we get breakfast Wizard , , wifi and parking are all free . User : wooooohoooooo santo domingo it is : Should I proceed with the booking ? User : absolutely ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Wizard : Great , your trip been booked ! Have a time . User Ever been to Queenstown ? Can you what is like : I have 5 star 5 day packages available in Queenstown only if travel from Milan . User : I 'm in Birmingham . Ever been to Kobe ? Wizard : Would you like stay at Royal Island Inn for 2420.99USD and leave Birmingham on September second ? User : I 'm really torn , I have so many places on my list . Long Beach ? Wizard : 8 days in Long Beach will cost you if you leave from Birmingham . You would stay at a 3.0 star near a park . User : I have like $ 4700 in the bank but no time off it will have to wait thanks . One more question what do think of New York Wizard : There are two different 2.5 hotels available in New York . User : Thanks i will call back when I have some time off User : Hi im looking to go to monterrey Wizard : Where will you be leaving from ? User : i leave from cancun Wizard : Do you have a budget User : $ 2,500 Wizard : How people going with you ? User : just myself : When you to leave ? User : Need to be there on the 4th Wizard : Would you like class or business seats ? User : what fits my budget Wizard : Both fit your budget . User : Business then Wizard : This package includes a 4 star hotel , museum , beach , free breakfast wifi , and parking . The trip is from the 12th to 21st and the cost is . User : Thats a little early do you have anything in Long Baech ? Wizard : Unfortunately there are no results Long Beach in my database : to tampa ? Wizard : No , sorry . User monterrey it is Wizard ! I will this package for right away ! User : thank you ! User : Hi im from Philadelphia Wizard : ! Where you headed today ? User : Punto cana preferably Wizard : How would you to spend 11 days at the Atlantis Gorge ? They have a from 30th to the 9th of September . The cost of this package is 1018.59USD . User : that sounds great does it have any special amenities/ Wizard : It is a 2.5-star resort with a 7.15/10 rating , free breakfast and free wifi . It is also located in the vicinity of the hotel museum and palace . User : that sounds nice ! better rated ones ? Wizard : The Atlantis Gorge a hotel with a guest rating , located within walking distance of the museum , cathedral and palace Is offers free breakfast and free . The Scarlet Peaks Hotel is a 3-star hotel with a 6.77/10 guest , walking distance the cathedral . Is breakfast and free wifi . Plaza Serene is a 3-star hotel with a 8.49/10 guest rating , located within walking distance of the theatre and palace . It offers breakfast , free parking and free wifi . User : man serene looks sweet ! how much it be ? Wizard : The cost of package is 1100.10USD . You would flying out on the 27th of and returning the 6th September . User : let ’ s keep this in , how about Osaka ? Wizard : I can offer you 5 days in the Hotel Prophecy from the 21st to the 24th of August This package would you 3015.97USD User : rating would that have ? Wizard : is a 2.5-star resort with a 7.06/10 guest rating . It offers free and free wifi and is located within walking distance of the museum User : I think i iwll go with Plaza Serene Wizard : ! I have just finished booking your trip . Have fun in the Cba ! User : thanks ! User Hi ! are getting married in beautiful Cleveland underneath the redwoods next weekend . We 've been soooooo forgot about the honeymoon ! Do you have any last minute special Porto ? Wizard : Yes , I do ! What dates would you like travel ? Do you have a budget Will be just two of you travelling for your ? User : The wedding is on the 23rd so it has the be the 24th or after . We are hoping for a week in Porto . We finally get some time just 2 of us ! Wizard : ok great ! I have 4 different hotels you can stay at . Would you like to hear about the 4.0 star hotel first ? User : Yes , it 's our honeymoon after all ! But only have $ 5100 to spend . Wizard Unfortunately I have nothing available within your : disappointed : User : about a lower end hotel then : disappointed : Wizard : Sadly the cheapest in Porto for your dates around 7000 . else I could look into for you ? User : No we can only go to Porto ... or . Thanks . User : HAVE be in Houston on the 17th ! Wizard : Hello ! 'll get you there Where are you leaving from ? User : Fortaleza Wizard Sorry , but I ca n't find any flights to Houston from Fortaleza . Is there anywhere else you 'd to go ? User : okay its crucial i get there from Fortaleza so I call someone else : Hey looking to to Osaka Where are you looking to leave from ? User : London possibly : Do you have budget ? User : nopeee Wizard : Traveling with anyone else ? User : nah just me Wizard : Do you know when you would like to leave ? User : August 15th Wizard : We only have trips to Denver and Calgary . Do either of interest ? User if I leave from montreal Wizard : You can go to San Juan , Cleveland , or Seattle . User : what there is Seattle Wizard : Seattle a 3.5 star hotel , park , museum university , free wifi and parking . The is 569.14 . User : any other hotels/ Wizard Not for Seattle . : okay what about chicago ? Wizard : All 2.5 star hotels . Would you like or business class ? User : Business please Wizard : Would you like the cheaper business package ? User : PLease elaborate and explain the possibilities Wizard : There 2337.27 hotel with and and mall nearby . They offer free and wifi . trip is from August 21st to September 2nd . User and what Wizard : There is a hotel with a park and museum . They offer free breakfast wifi and parking . This is August 15th to 27th . The last option is a hotel , museum , and university . They offer free breakfast , wifi , and parking . This trip is from August 21st to September 2nd . User : the second offer seems can you tell me more it Wizard : This is a stay at the Galaxy Temple , with a 8.22/10 guest rating . The flight leaves from Montreal at 4pm or 9pm The returning flight leaves Chicago at 11am or . User : This one seems good we book it ? Wizard : Of course ! Your trip is booked ! trip and thank you ! User Thank : I 'm exhausted and I need to get away . want to myself to a five day trip . Wizard : Ok , wonderful I help out ! Where are you looking to leave from and do you have a destination in mind ? User : I will fly of the airport Chicago . I 'm thinking Kingston Wizard : Great ! Do you have a date restriction ? User : I succeeded in getting some time off from August 19 to August 30 Wizard : I have several available for you but they are all 4 days , is this okay ? User : sure that works tell me Wizard : Excalibur Hotel located near a and a star rating That one is priced a 1640 for August 27-30 Ebony Manor Inn & Suites is 4.0 and also the museum for a total from August 25-28 . Finally there is the Cosmos Inn , a 2.5 star hotel in the heart of Kingston , Canada and next a park This would cost 1252.33 travel from August 24-August 27th trips include Business class flights and can be purchased for less if you would like to fly . User : These all good but I 'm kinda keen on Milan too what do you have there Wizard : Milan you can stay El Mundo Hotel or Pink Star Hotel . Both are 4 stars with the former located near the airport and featuring free breakfast wifi , while the latter features both amenities as well and is in the heart of the city a museum and . User : You are so efficient I know making you hard on Friday afternoon but you get to go home for the weekend soon lol if dates Milan work I think I book one of those Wizard : I have the following dates in Milan : Aug 19-22 , Aug 27-30 . User : August 19 to the 22 sounds good I like that Mundo Hotel is near the cathedral Exactly how much is that one ? Wizard : Sadly no , only the Pink Star Hotel available for those dates . The package with class flights to Pink Star Hotel is 2906 USD . User : do you have any business class available Wizard : Absolutely ! From Aug 19-22 business class flights the price for you would 3988.83 . User Oh what the heck it 's but I deserve it ! Let with that one . User : I want to a 4 day Wizard : Great ! Where would you like to and from where will you be leaving ? User : how bout La Paz . i live in Wizard : Between dates were you thinking this trip ? User august 19 to september 7 anytime in there Wizard : I have 4 day packages to La Paz starting at USD . Do you have a budget in mind ? User : do have anything in ? Wizard : Certainly , I packages to starting at 1589.99 USD . User : both sound good as long as it within my dates i can not move those around do you have anything in 4 star in Le Paz Wizard : Yes , the Echo package is a 4 star hotel for 921.10 USD . You depart on September 4th and arrive on September 7th . : Is the Echo near the museum ? Wizard not have information , but I can tell you that the hotel includes breakfast , wifi and parking . User : well okay I can take the tram in to city . I book that one . Wizard : Your is . Enjoy ! User : Cancun please Wizard : will you be departing from ? User : We ’ ll leaving from vancouver : It looks like I have a 12-day package available for 1230.73USD . Would you be available to travel the 27th of August to the 7th of September User : ` is that for me and my friend ] Wizard : I can book this trip for two however that will bring your total cost to 2461.47USD . Is this OK ? User : ahh okay . and if wanted to go to rome Wizard : I can book you at Secret from of August to the first of September . This package for two will cost 3827.32USD . User : whats the most expensive package do you have/ Wizard : The most expensive I can find you 6009.18USD for 7 days in the Double Pastures , a 4-star hotel a guest rating . User : is that for class ? Wizard : Yes , this a class flight . User : LEt ’ book it Wizard : Nice You 're booked at the Double Pastures Have fun in Rome ! User : thank you ! User : Hi ! need to get over to Rome Wizard Where from ? User : Im from Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : $ 20000 would that get me far ? Wizard : Are you travelling alone ? User : Yes i need to find MEWTWO Wizard : Do you know when you 'd like to ? User : September 2nd i need to be there Wizard : The earliest flight we is September 6th , this alright ? User : Nope ! do you have anything to kingston during my dates Wizard : There a 2.5 star hotel that includes free breakfast , , and parking , the 2nd to the 5th . There is a park , and is in the heart of the city . The is 3649.51 . : that looks good ! are there any other hotels Wizard : This is only one for your but there is also a business class for . User : Let 's look at thos Wizard : It has same information as the previous one , 2.5 stars , breakfast , wifi , and parking . The park is near the and it is in the heart of city . Which you prefer ? User : Also from the 2nd to the 5th ? Wizard : . User : PLease book the more one ' Wizard : Great ! Your business class trip is booked : you ! User : my friends and i are going away on our trip alone and i am in of finding us deal ! Wizard : Ok , I will help you with ! How many of are there ? And where would like go ? User : we 4 we go to school in baltimore to go to tijuana Wizard : Great ! How 7 days at Hotel Perfection ? 3585 for all four of you from August 25-31 User : we do n't have that much money Wizard : Sorry , what is your budget ? User : 2700 Wizard : Sorry I can ’ t find anything for 4 people at that price point . Perhaps you would to try destination ? : some our buddies are BA Wizard : The cheapest package in Porto would be 13293.98USD User : Rio but we want to go to Buenos Aires Wizard : I do Buenos Aires for ! User : awesome i will tell all my friend at the university of baltimore how great and you are can you confirm the dates so i can tell my freinds : You will travel from August 24-August User : I 'm a world famous photographer and I need book a trip August 24 . Do not disappoint me . Wizard : ! Certainly , I 'll what do . would you like go and where are you leaving from ? User : It 's not `` like `` to it 's `` `` to go . Comprende ? I need to go Pittsburgh . This is worth a lot of $ to me so have to get there . I 'm in Buenos Aires at the moment . Wizard : Of course And when do you need to leave by ? User : i need to leave on August 24 Wizard I can offer you a flight on August 24th to the Sunny Wolf Inn and Suites for 1608.50 USD . Does suit your needs ? User : In Pittsburgh right ? Wizard : I only have 2.5 star hotels in Pittsburgh , however it does breakfast , wifi and parking . also has guest rating of 8.49/10 User : Can you find me a star , even if I have to get there week in advance I can spend up $ 6200 if I have to Wizard : The best that I have is the star Onyx Isle Hotel for days at 2463.27 . User : When do I arrive ? Wizard : August 18th you return August 25th . User : At what time do leave on August 25th Wizard : You leave at 12:34pm sharp . User : Not enough time to get the shot I will have to get a private jet camp outside their hotel thanks anyways Wizard : Thank for using our services . Have a good day ! : Hi I want go to osaka Wizard : Hi there ! have an 4-day package for Osaka only 428.94USD . Would you be able to leave from Fukuoka ? User : Im actually leaving at Kyoto Wizard : that case , the price of your package will be 479.78USD . Are you able to fly on the 21st ? User : only on the 27th Wizard : The closest date I could give you to this would be the 30th of August , with a return flight on the 2nd September . Does this fit into your ? User That seems good can you tell me about the hotel Wizard : You would be staying at the Opportunity , a 3-star a 6.61/10 guest rating free breakfast and free wifi . It is located within walking distance of the museum if that interests you . The total this package comes to 534.12USD . User : Great ! what options do have in Mannheim Wizard : The deal I can offer you is 5-day stay at the Regal Resort , a 5-star hotel with a 8.98/10 guest rating , free wifi and a spa . It is within walking distance of a community park . The total cost of package is 2888.32USD . Would be available to travel from the 6th to 9th of September ? : yes i can but id rather a longer stay , tell me aboot puebla Wizard : The best deal I can offer you if you 're interested in Puebla is 10 days Los Campeones for 3658.48USD It is 4-star resort with a 8.49/10 guest rating , free breakfast , free wifi and free parking . You would be flying out on the 25th of August and returning on September 2nd . User : for a 10 day stay i think puebla is worth it Wizard : You are now booked a 10-day stay in Puebla . Enjoy your trip ! User : Thank you ! User : Hi i want to go to burlington Wizard : Where are you leaving from ? User : Melbourne Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : $ 1,500 Wizard : Travelling alone ? User : yes Wizard : When would you like to ? User : August 26th Wizard : have star hotels and 3 star hotels . Which do you prefer ? are within your budget . : star Wizard : The first option has a and free wifi . The flight is August 27th to September 4th and the cost is 1087.50 with economy seats . The second option a and free . flight is from August 27th to September and cost is 1319.15 with business class seats . User : What about Campinnas Wizard : We have no flights to Cammpinnas User : any to Minneapolis ? Wizard : We have 2.5 star hotels for Minneapolis . Two of them leave on August . Would you like information two ? User : honestly not really sounds a little peasanty , are there other hotels in burlington ? : The rated hotel is 3 stars Which one is least expensive Wizard The economy class package is cheaper . User : let 's book it Wizard : Great 're now for this package ! Have a great day ! User : Thanks ! User : Good day , I 'm located in Kobe and I have been offered internship in Baltimore at the heart of action ! I need you to book a flight and hotel for me sometime between August 26 and 10 . Wizard : How about a 7 stay at the 3 star Countryside Resort for 2374.96USD ? User : That works my budget but I need to be cautious in booking this . It 's my first time travelling and |I do n't want to mess it up Wizard : This hotel a 7.06/10 guest rating and includes free breakfast , wifi and parking . User Do you have anything in Denver Wizard : I have a few options you in Denver Do you have a budget ? User : Yes I have $ 3900 but honestly I want to spend the least possible Wizard : I can offer a 5 day stay at the 3 star Oriental Resort for 2964.84 . User : was cheaper . can also go to Rio de Janeiro for this internship I will book the cheapest as long as it is on the right dates . Wizard : The Rio de Janeiro packages start at 4991.2 USD . Would you like to know more about these packages ? User : NO ! Can I help you with anything else ? User : I will book Baltimore , since it is the cheapest . Works for me . Wizard : Great ! I 'll book this for you right ! User : Thank you for your patience , have a nice weekend . Wizard : Your trip booked ! nice ! User : I want to go to Fortaleza to visit my aunt Betty . Wizard : Ok great How many cousins will join you User 5 - my cousin Tommy , my cousin Henry , my , my cousin Ian , and my cousin Derrick Wizard : What beautiful names : slightly_smiling_face : Where are leaving from ? User Valencia we live in valencia Wizard : Ok I have booked you 6 days at Secret Prairie Resort you pay 12692.12USD Enjoy your stay : slightly_smiling_face : User : I need to go to Barcelona Wizard : Where will you be from ? User : Calgary ! : How does seven days at the Resort sound ? Only 2521.51USD you fly out the 27th . : Is the most expensive hotel… i ’ ll tell you this im stalking a high profile celebrity Wizard : If you 're looking for the hotel I can book for days at the Hotel De La Felicidad for 2629.67USD . Or , if you 'd like the most expensive package I can upgrade you to business class for more . User : this all on the 21st Wizard : Yes , is the 21st to the 27th of August . User is just too perfect book it Wizard : You got it ! Have fun in Barcelona ! User : thank you i will ! User Hello you may me as best Hunter in the world Wizard : Hello . User : i need to get to Rio de Janeiro Wizard : You leave Recife Saturday August User : can only leave from Santos Wizard : For less money on the same day you can leave and 261.99 User : I offer you $ 20000 to get me there Wizard : You only need to spend 261.99 good bye User : ok very good User : Hello , I 'm looking to book a trip for two from Puebla to Hamburg Wizard : I can help you with that ! Any dates in ? User : date does n't matter ; i just need to pay less than $ 1400 . $ 1300 Wizard : the cheapest package I can offer you is 2814.82USD . Did you have any other in mind ? User : Okay that definitely does not work . How much would it cost to leave from Guadalajara instead ? Wizard : It would be significantly , however it would still be over budget : disappointed : User What if I were to increase my budget to $ 1700 . Would you be able to find me anything departing from Puebla at that price point ? : The best deal I can you would be 1819.63USD for Guadalajara to Hamburg . User : Hi ! I want book a for me and four friends for spring break ! Wizard : I can definitely assist you with . What will your city be and do you have a destination in ? : We are leaving from Salvador . Do you any trips to Kingston ? Wizard : I plenty of packages from Salvador to Kingston . When is your Spring Break ? User : We have pretty flexible dates , we were hoping to fly out between 2nd and 17th Wizard Do you have a budget for trip ? User : Yes , our total budget is of 14200 Wizard : I day and 8 packages available Any preference ? User : It depends , what kind of hotels and activities are included in the packages Wizard I have 2.5 star , 3 3.5 star available . All of them include free wifi A couple are located near museum and a couple in the heart of the city near the park . Which location are you more interested in ? User : Being in the heart of the city good Or do have any close to beach ? : Unfortunately , I nothing close to the beach in Kingston at moment . In the heart of the city , I have the Cosmos Inn available for 6 or 8 day packages . This is a 2.5 star hotel which includes free parking and a free . You can fly to there either on economy or business class still your . User ok ! Are any extras included in the price ? Wizard : No are not . Would you like me to provide you with some pricing on the 8 day package via business class ? User : Yes that would be great Could you give me the price of the 8-day package in economy in business so that I can compare ? Wizard : Cosmos Inn - 8 in economy class is from September 8th to Sept 14th . The total cost on this package is 9141.53USD . Cosmos Inn - 8 in business class is available from is also available on the same for a total cost of 11812.93USD I manage for the 5 of you . User : Great thanks ! Last question package does the hotel have a pool or other amenities ? Wizard : I am sorry , but I do not have access to this information in my database . User : Alright that 's ok . The other destination we were is Lima Wizard : I have 9 day package available at the Wolf . It is a 3.5 star resort located near the park . It free wifi , free parking and a complimentary breakfast and I have flight available at time . The total cost is 14057.6USD , so comes in just your budget . User : That sounds pretty good ! Otherwise do you have anything close to the beach ? Wizard : I apologize . of our resorts located to the beach in either Kingston or Lima have already been booked . Would you like to at other possible destinations ? User Those are the two destinations we were considering . Can you give me any additional information about the Wolf Inn ? Wizard : flight September 8th at 11am and returns on September 15 at 2am . Again , this is in economy class seating . User : Ok ! If we increased budget to 15200 , would there be other packages you would recommend for Lima ? Wizard No unfortunately Wolf is the only resort Lima available at the moment . User : How about in Kingston , would other options available with a slightly higher budget ? Wizard : That 's is available Kingston too . you like me to proceed with before there are no left ? User : Yes ! Then we will go for the Lima package at Wolf Inn ! Wizard : Perfect , will take your information down and proceed with the booking . Have a nice day ! User : Thank you very much User : I want to book a package to melbourne from puebla Wizard : Okay . Do you have budget for your trip ? User : yes 3400. leaving on sunday august 21 Wizard : you travelling alone ? User : yes . can you tell me the prices of all the hotels available in melbourne Wizard : The prices for each hotel are 868.86 , 953.63 , 1052.51 , 1144.95 , 1155.19 , 1382.78 . : 868.86 sounds like a nice price , I 'll go Wizard No but there is great package at a 4 hotel , with a park , free , breakfast and parking . The cost is 868.86 and leaves August 24th Does this interest you ? User : i would like to leave on august 21 though ... Wizard : None of the packages in my database leave on August 21st . The earliest flight on the . User : can i get the price for one night at hotel melbourne Wizard : We have 4 star hotels near a park that include free breakfast , free wifi , and free parking . Both packages are from August 24th to September 5th . One package costs 868.86 1052.51 . The cheaper package is for economy class flight and expensive package is for the business class flight . User : ok. will stay there for as long as 3500 will get me . the hotel in town . 5 stars Wizard : rated hotel in my for your request 4 stars . User : ok. fine . I have a 4500 $ and I will star as long as that lasts . thx Wizard : The packages are at the same 4 star . package is for economy seats the other package is business User : Book me a flight for 7 adults and 1 child from Portland to North Vancouver Wizard : That cost you 11663.75USD . Okay ? User : Hold on I need know what date this will be departing on . I to go as soon as possible : You can go from August to September User Nothing sooner that ? Wizard : Unfortunately those are the only available . Would you to explore your options another destination ? User Yeah me know if there 's anything sooner from London Wizard : have cheaper packages the same departure date from London User : How cheap Wizard : 9550.23USD : I really want leave , no time to waste Wizard I can only find specific departure cities in data base . User : Ok go check Marseille to North Vancouver for me Wizard : leave from Marseille would cost on August 30th . User How much would it cost to fly from Portland to London Wizard : I do not have any options available this time . User : give me a lower price if I booked the Portland North Vancouver but returned a different date ? Wizard : Unfortunately I only have the I gave you available . User : I only have 11400 to spend . Can you think of anything for me Wizard : I can you 8 days in Atlantah from 24 -August 31 for 1764.88USD User : there , 'd like to know if you can book a trip us leaving this upcoming Saturday and returning on the Tuesday after . are six adults and seven children Punta I know this is really short notice so I 'd appreciate anything you find for us , thank you much ! Wizard : Hi there . I can you trip Dallas from August 27th-August 30th for 5561.28USD . User : How about Birmingham ? The kids would love to see it Wizard : Unfortunately I do have anything available from to Birmingham at this . I book you a trip to Stuttgart for 28237.3USD . Does this interest you ? User : Unfortunately that is outside of our budget : disappointed : Do you anything available Cana to Burlington ? Wizard Sadly I have nothing available to Burlington within date range Would you mind telling me your budget so I can better find trip for you within your parameters ? User : Yes . Our budget is 23300 Thank you so very much : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : I have only trips to Dallas or La Paz within your budget Sorry about that . Do either of these destinations interest you ? User : What about Orlando ? Wizard : I sorry but there are no trips in my database from Punta Cana to Orlando . User : Can you please book us round trip flight from Dallas to Orlando departing August 27 August 30 and tell us how it cost ? Thank you ! Wizard : Would you be interested in from Dallas to Santo Domingo ? User : Is there no way to us to Orlando ? Wizard : Sadly there are no trips available to Orlando this time . User : Are there any weekend flights you can book for us to Orlando at any point before September 15 this ? That would be flights leaving on a Saturday and returning the following Thank you once again slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : Sadly there are trips available to Orlando this time . My apologies . User : Okay I will take the trip Dallas leaving returning August 30th . 's next ? Wizard : Ok , great Would you to upgrade to class flights for 6373.74USD ? User : , but I was wondering if you anything as part of package ? Wizard : The hotel is in the heart the city near museums features free and free breakfast . : Is a five star hotel ? Wizard : The hotel is 2.5 stars a guest of 5.14 User : How would five star package cost ( including cost the flight ) ? Wizard : Unfortunately the only package I available is the 2.5 star hotel . User How much does the entire package cost ? Wizard : For 7 children and 6 children the total 5561.28USD . User : Okay book the class flight and the hotels please Wizard : Absolutely , consider it done . Anything else I can help you with today & gt ; User : That 's it Thank you so so much : ) : : ) Wizard : You are very welcome : slightly_smiling_face : User : hey . id like to book a trip to philadelphia from vancouver . for 8 Wizard : Will this be 8 adults , 8 kids , or both adults and children ? User : 3 adults and 5 Wizard : Do you have a budget in mind ? User : 6500 Wizard : When would you like travel ? User : what are some packages available We have 3 different packages at the same hotel . Two are the same package except one the economy flight and one is the business flight and these are from 31st to September 10th . The option an economy flight August 30th to September 4th . User : business flight . august 31 - sept 10 Wizard : This package includes free wifi , parking , and at a 2 star hotel near a museum and park . This costs 5529.83 . Would you like me to book this for you ? User : can have a better rated hotel Wizard : is the only hotel available for your request . User : ok. economy class . but higher rated hotel Wizard : All for your request are at the same hotel . User : what about at a later or earlier date Wizard : Unfortunately , the results I have given are the only options a trip to Philadelphia from Vancouver . User : ok. what if i increase my budget Wizard : I can check . How much would you like to increase your budget ? User : can increase by 1500 Wizard : This gives you one more option for a business class flight to the same hotel for the August 30th to September 4th package . User : i really need better rated hotel . im travelling with 2 lawyers and 5 children Wizard : 'm very sorry but there are no other aside from the ones I gave you . User : ok. then let me ask my associates and come to you .. User : yo i need a flight to beijing , leaving from rio janeiro on sunday august 21st Wizard : will book you 8 days in Manaus leaving from Rio de Janeiro on August 24th for 469.25USD . Enjoy your stay : slightly_smiling_face : User : no i want beijing , not manas . how much would that cost ? ? Wizard Sadly no trips available to Beijing that leave Rio de Janeiro . I can find you another destination ? User : got ta get me to beijing Wizard : No User : check porto alegre to beijing Wizard : I can you from Porto Alegre to Rio de Janeiro . : check puebla to beijing Wizard : You can not travel from Puebla to Beijing . User : i give up User : Hi I want book a 5 day trip leaving from Santa Cruz on September 2nd I do n't have a destination in mind yet , what would you recommend ? Wizard : have several options for you , all cities in Argentina . How does that sound ? User : That sounds good ! 'm travelling with a friend and since we have such a short time , we really want make the most of it so we a pretty flexible budget . Are any of these luxury hotels ? Wizard : I have a 4 star hotel located in Rosario available on a 4 day package but only from Sept 18 to Sept 21st User : No , unfortunately our dates are not flexible Wizard : I have a five day package available departing on Sept 2nd to Miami Florida leaving on the 2nd and returning the 7th . It is not a luxury hotel it has 3.5 star rating with a very good guest rating of 8.86/10 . It included free wifi , free parking and a complimentary buffet breakfast . Does this interest you ? User : Ok , i 'll keep this one in mind . Do you have trips to outside the US ? Even if the hotel n't as fancy we might prefer that . Wizard : Well I do have the Opportunity Suites , which is a 4 star hotel located in Rosario departing Sept 4th and returning Sept the 6th . It is only a 3 day but it fits within your time frame and has a higher rating . The cost on this one is 2203.67USD . User : Hmm ok , we were really hoping to go for a full 5 days : I have no day options , however I also have nice in Sansot Brazil at the Starlight which is a six day package departing also on Sept 2nd and returning on 7th . is a 3.5 star hotel located near museum and also near the palace . like Miami might be the option for us then , at what time are the flights Wizard : The flight departs from Santa at 12pm and returns on Sept at 6am . is an economy class . User : we will book that one ! Wizard : Perfect , I will take care of all the details for and send over confirmation . Thank for booking . We wish you a pleasant afternoon . User : Thanks : Please check if there a flight to Naples from Fort Lauderdale leaving 31 Wizard : Would August 30th be ok ? is the closest date have available right . User No to August but what about August 27 ? Wizard : Would August 24th be ok ? It is the closest available data I have available right now . : No that wo n't work for me . Can you please check Fort Lauderdale to Punta Cana leaving on 31 Wizard I can book you 5 days in Naples if you leave from Fort Lauderdale on August 31st User : Oh good , much would that cost Wizard : a 3.0 star hotel . you have five star hotel available ? Wizard : I have a 4 star available for 3158.9USD User : Done . Book it . Wizard : IT is booked ! User : hello : Hi ! How can I help you ? User : i would like tto go from beijing to juan on september 2 for at most 2100 1 adult Wizard : Unfortunately we only have flights from North Vancouver , Montreal , and Cleveland . User : ok. leaving from campinas and arriving at Baltimore Wizard : have 3 packages from Campinas to Baltimore but they are within your budget User : oh ok , that 's fine . much is it ? Wizard : The cheapest option is 3048.00 . User ok. what about from campinas to san juan : Campinas to San Juan has no results within your budget , User : ok. im ok with 3048. ill book the one from campinas beltimore Wizard : Okay . Would you like information on this package before you book it ? User : yes Wizard It a 3 star hotel from September 12th to September 20th . Amenities include free breakfast , wifi , and parking . This package is 3048.00 , would you like to book this package now ? User : ok Wizard : Great ! Your has been booked ! Thank you have a great day ! User : thank you User : Find me a flight Belo Horizonte to Brasilia . First class only Wizard : I have a business class flight and 5 day stay at a 3.0 star available for 192.14USD . User : Upgrade that to a five star hotel Wizard : Unfortunately the best I can give you is a 3.5 star hotel with a guest rating of 8.37 . User : That wo n't do . Find me a flight from Belo Horizonte to Rome , and find me a five star hotel in Rome . Wizard : Would you be interested in staying 4.0 star hotel in Rome ? User : eww absolutely not find me a five star hotel I refuse to believe there are no available five star in Wizard I am sorry but I no 5.0 star hotels available Rome for you : User : are there first class flights from Belo Horizonte to Rome ? Wizard : Yes , I have business class flights available for these locations . User : no first class ? try to Wizard Unfortunately I can only offer economy or business class flights . do not have first class flight access in my database . Would you still like me to explore options from London to Rome ? User : Please do . And check again for five star hotels Rome . Wizard : I still only have 4.0 star hotels available in Rome . User : What 's the earliest flight you have from Horizonte to Rome ? to book for two and return on Sept 5 : I can you 5 days at Hotel Grand , a 4.0 star hotel with a guest rating of 8.8 from September 2nd-September 5 User : Check for the earliest flight London Rome , also for two returning Sept 5 Wizard : I have only the same dates available from London . User : Okay book us business class for the Belo Horizonte to Rome Wizard : I am booking your flight User : terrific wonderful . thankyou User : hi id like to go to baltimore from brasilia . i would to get 1 children ticket and adult ticket Wizard : Hello ! Do a budget ? User : Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : i dont mind Wizard : We have two hotels available . Both hotels have a 3 star rating . User : ok. what is the price Wizard : The first option is from September 2nd to 7th free breakfast , wifi , and at a price of 4265.98 for economy seats . second option is from August 5th , free , wifi , and parking a price of 5173.70 economy seats Would you like more options ? : ill the cheapest option thanks Wizard : There is a option from 2nd to 7th , free breakfast , wifi and parking at a price of 5512.62 for business class . Do any of options interest you ? User the one at 4268 looks good : Would you like to book it for you ? : ya Wizard : Your trip has been booked Have fun thank for using our services ! User : User : beijing to pittsburgh , under 1700 Wizard : Would you to travel from Minneapolis to Pittsburgh ? User : beijing pittsburgh Wizard : Sorry I have no trips from Beijing to Pittsburgh . : beijing to san , under 1700 Wizard : I no trips available . User : i need to know how much it costs to ciudad juarez la paz leaving august 22 to september Wizard : can look into that for you . Are your dates flexible by chance ? : nope Wizard : Within your date range I book you days in La Paz from August 25-30 1050.42USD . User : try ciudad juarez to paris , august 22 to september 8 Wizard : I have trips available from 27-Sept 4 , Sept 5-Sept 8 , Aug 23-26 Aug 31-Sept 5 , Aug 30-Sept 7 . Are any of these ok with you ? User : how much do the august 27 to sept 4 august 30 sept 7 packages cost ? Wizard : That depends , would you to fly business class or economy ? User : please Wizard : Ok . In that case , the costs are 3591.44USD and 2129.86USD , respectively . User : you try ciudad juarez queenstown from august 22 september 8 Wizard can book you Aug 30-Sept 4 , Aug 22-25 , Sept 5-Sept 5 in Queenstown . User : much do first two cost Wizard : With economy flights they would cost $ 3685 and $ 3474 , respectively . : try ciudad juarez to indianapolis , august 22 to september 8 Wizard : Does August 30th to September work ? User : try aug 22 to sept 8 if you can Wizard : I do August 27-September 5 . User : cost ? Wizard : $ 630.50 for 10 days . User : i 'll take that one : Great : slightly_smiling_face : You will staying Hotel Vanilla , a 3.0 star located near the beach , airport , , and university You will have free parking , breakfast , and wifi included in your package . I booked the User : thank you ! : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : My pleasure ! Have a day User : Good morning ! I need to book a trip 7 of my colleagues . There are a couple possible destinations . The one is Cancun . The departure could from Nagoya And the would ideally be between August 24th and Wizard : I be to help you with that . I have 10 day and 14 day packages available . Which ine would you otrefer User : A 10 package sounds good Wizard : I have the White Peak Hotel available 10 , is a 3 star hotel that has availability from 24th to Sept 1st . I also have La Plaza Del Mundo which has availability from Sept 1st to Sept 9th and a rating of 3.5 . : Do these offer free wifi ? Wizard : Both of there hotels include wifi . The White Peak Hotel also includes free parking and free breakfast as does the La Plaza Hotel . User : How much are these packages ? And could you also give me the for both these hotels ? : Would you like to by or business I am better able to provide you with an accurate price once I know your preference . User : Business class Wizard : The White Hotel has a user rating of 8.22/10 works to $ 26573USD via business class . La Plaza Hotel has a user rating of 7.15/10 and works out to $ . Is this within your budget ? User : The White Peak is within our budget . Which city the flight from ? : As requested , it departs from Nagoya . User : Great , i 'll book that then ! Wizard : Excellent , I am we could of assistance . I will of that . Have a nice day . User : you for your help User : IM IN TIJUANA FIND ME A FLIGHT TO CURITIBA AUG 27 TO SEPT Wizard : Would you be willing to return on September 3 instead ? : ? BUT SEPT 4 IF POSSIBLE Wizard : 2926.99USD User : ABOUT FRANKFURT . AUG 27 SEPT 4 Wizard do 29-September 4 $ 3724.80 User : ARE HOTELS INCLUDED FOR EITHER PLACE Wizard : Yes they are included for both . Would you like to hear more about the hotels ? : YES WHICH ONE HAS HOTEL Wizard : In Frankfurt you would be staying at 4.5 star hotel while Curitiba you would be staying at a star hotel . User : OK FRANKFURT PLEASE : You 're booked ! User hi . i have a 6 vacation . starting friday sept 2016. and id like to to paris Wizard : Where are you leaving from User : from toronto Wizard Do you have a budget ? User : no Wizard are only packages from Toronto to Denver one to Atlanta User what not to parises ? or Marseille Wizard : There are two options for from to . Would you like more information ? User : Wizard : Both hotels are 4 stars . first option from September 16th to 18th . The hotel offers free wifi and there is also a museum nearby . The economy seats cost 2365.33 and business seats cost 2985.90 . The second option is from September 17th to 18th , the hotel is near a cathedral and free wifi and spa Economy seats for this costs 2454.40 and business seats cost 3106.38 . User : ok economy please , and spa option Wizard : Great ! Do you want to this trip ? User : yes Wizard : Lovely ! Your trip has now been booked ! Thank you and have a nice day ! User : thx . bye . User : hi there . need to book trip to denver i live in houston sept 10 to 11 Wizard Ok ! I you with that . Do you have a budget ? : budget $ 3300 Wizard Sadly I have nothing available for your date range . Are you flexible when you travel ? User : please find me a vacation between wed aug 31 and wed sept for 2 adult and 2 kids for 4400 $ max . leaving frmom fortaleza . if Wizard : Absolutely ! Would you be interested in travelling to Sao Paulo ? User : ya sure sao paulo : I can offer you a great deal on package September 7-13 ! : k Great : slightly_smiling_face Would you like to know more information about this package before I book ? User : Wizard : You would be at the Deluxe Hotel , located near a cathedral and a . You would have , parking breakfast . This costs 1769.68USD . User : ok Wizard : Would you like to book ? User : for 2 adults and kids ? ? ? Wizard : Yes , for 2 adults and children . User : ok lets it ! : Great slightly_smiling_face : Consider it done User : ok thanks so much User i 'm looking go to ulsan from santiago for 12 days . on august 27th . this is for two people . do you have anything for me ? Wizard ! Do have a budget trip ? User : is 3800 , this is strict i can not exceed it : There are n't any results available for trips to Ulsan from , but there are results from Santiago Hamburg , Vitoria , . Do any of these destinations spark your interest ? User : can you try mexico city ? There are trips from Santiago to Mexico City but there are out your price range unfortunately . User can you make it a shorter trip to fit it within our budget ? Wizard : No , sorry . User : how about if we go to santiago to ulsan for only 6 days Wizard : No , sorry , the database has no trips Santiago to Ulsan . User : okay , can give me some of the results from santiago to rome ? : There is one for a package from Santiago to Rome . It is at a 0 star hotel that free wifi and breakfast . The cost is 1006.85 and is from September 2nd to 6th . User : Hello ! I want to book trip for adults and two children 25th to August . We have several destinations mind . Do you have any packages for Manaus ? Wizard : I do but in order to provide you with the proper information , I would need to know your of departure User : Oh yes ! We will flying out of Calgary Wizard : From Calgary to Manaus , within your dates I only have one option that I can present you with . It ba an 8 day at the 2.5 star Hotel Aquamarine near the shopping district . This option includes the usual amenities such as free parking , free wifi and breakfast for the entire family . User : Does hotel have good reviews ? : It is rated 6.77/10 . Would you like me at possibilities for you and your family flying out from Calgary ? : Yes , I have several destinations in mind . To compare the options can you tell me how much the Manaus trip would be ? Another we are considering is Tokyo Wizard : If you flew vis economy class , the price would be 6988.7USD . If you chose to upgrade to business class , the price would be 8992.24USD . I regret that I have no flights to Tokyo out of . User : Ok thanks ! How about to Minneapolis ? would flying in economy Wizard To , I have the 2.5 star rated Viridian Cottage Inn & Suites located near park and the Inca museum . This package included free wifi , parking and breakfast you and your party of . This is a 4 day package valued at 2662.13USD . User : That is short for us , is that the only one you have for Minneapolis that fits our dates ? Wizard Regrettably , yes it is . Can I a look at other for ? User : The last place were considering was Paulo Wizard : me have a look at Paulo for you . in particular you would to look for ? User : What do you mean Wizard : Close to the museum , or near a park , near a beach My earliest departure to Sao Paulo from is on Sept. User : I see , unfortunately our dates are not flexible Could you please confirm the dates of vacation ? Wizard : That was available from August 25th to August . package price for the Hotel Aquamarine River for 4 people was 6988.7USD . User : Alright thanks , I up reviews and I think it will suit , i it ! Wizard : Just to confirm , I will proceed booking the Hotel Aquamarine River in Manaus your party 4 , arriving from Calgary on August 25th and departing from Manaus on August 31st , all on economy class at a price of 6988USD . Is correct to proceed with the booking ? User : Yes that good ! Thank you for your help : are welcome . We will send over confirmation . Have a good . : hello , please find a vacation saturday august 2016 and wednesday september 7 for under 6000 $ leaving from madrid Wizard : Hello , what can I help you with today ? User : hello , find me a vacation between saturday august 27 2016 and wednesday sept 7 for under 6000 $ leaving madrid Wizard : Ok ! Absolutely : slightly_smiling_face : I can book you a trip to from September 2-7 for only $ 407.55 if you interested . User : ok. can it be for a longer period Wizard : What about Essen for ? You would leave August 30th and return on September 7th . User : ok Wizard : Shall I go ahead book that for you ? User : ok Wizard : Wonderful , all booked : slightly_smiling_face : Enjoy your . User : thanks User : Hello , book me a trip from San Antonio to Phoenix leaving September and September 11th please . Wizard What is your budget ? User : budget . Book me business class and the hotel you can find . Oh this is for two adults . Wizard : Wow ! Unfortunately are packages available this request User : coming back on September 11th instead Wizard : No , sorry , there are no results for this either . : Hmm . Try La Paz instead of Phoenix Same dates , leaving from de Janeiro Wizard : There two results from de Janeiro to La Paz . User : Do share Wizard The options are at the same hotel . hotel is 4 stars and offers free wifi , breakfast , and parking . One package is from August 25th to 31st and the package is August 30th September 1st . : Are there results for Rio de to Phoenix ? Wizard : There is one for this request from September 2nd to September 9th . User : Is a five star hotel ? Wizard it is a 2.5 star hotel . User : Okay book for Rio Janeiro to La Paz , business class August 25th to 31st please Wizard : ! The price for this is 4569.98 . User : Wizard : Hi there slightly_smiling_face : How can I you today ? User am planning my honey moon . leaving from miami on sunday august 28 2016. for 5 days to stuttgart . max 2900 Wizard : I have a one stay available Stuttgart September 2-September 1 does that you ? User : september - 1 Wizard : Yes . Those dates . Sorry . User : about kingston ? Wizard : I only have trips that leave in September Would this be ok ? User : ok for 5 ? : Yes . You go from September 7-11 : ok Wizard : Great ! Would you like book ? User : yes what the activities and prices Wizard : The price would 1191.32 . would be staying the heart of Kingston near a park . free wifi , breakfast , and parking . Shall I go ahead and book that for you ? User : yep : Great , booked User ok thanks User : Hello bot . want to to Manas Boston on September 2 Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : $ 4,100 Wizard : Will be travelling alone ? User : Wizard : are only flights from to Alexandria , Calgary , , and Punta Cana . User but what if I leave from Naples instead . Can you get me to Manas from Naples ? Wizard : From Naples there are results to and Rome : Hello there ! have 12 days off starting August 22 , and I 'm leaving Santo Domingo Wizard Do you have a budget User : a strict budget Wizard : Are you travelling with anyone ? : Just by myself Wizard You can go to Punta Cana , Atlante , Punta Cana , and Tampa . Could I do 12 day trips each of these cities Wizard : There is an 8 day trip the 24th to 31st of August . User : To where ? Wizard : Atlante . User : How much does it cost : 428.64 User Okay sign me up ! Do I get choice of hotels ? : The only hotel for this is 3.5 stars and offers free wifi . : That will do Wizard : Would you like me to book this for you ? : Yes please . Thank you ! Wizard : No problem ! Your trip is booked ! Thank you and have a great ! User : you ! You too ! User : hey , I want to get to Porto Alegre from Toronto for than $ 3900 Wizard : I can book you 5 days in Porto leaving from Toronto for 2689.45USD . User what about Wizard : days in would cost 2012.95USD . User : ok and calgary ? 2 adults and 3 children Wizard : Ok ! that case I book you 8 days Calgary for 1103.38USD : i have a 3900 budge : hey . wan na from birmingham Wizard : Ok , where would you like to go ? User : for 10 days vacation Wizard : There are 10 day trips available in Sacramento Las Vegas for over $ 500 . User : thats too expensive Wizard : I ’ m sorry but I have 10 day trips from birmingham for less than that price . User : what about santiago Wizard : You can spend 6 days in Santiago for 1342.39USD User : no . i only have 400 . maybe from for lesser days Wizard In that case your only options are Denver or Calgary . : oh ok Wizard : you like to hear more about packages User : yup Wizard : You can 3 days in Denver for $ 177.60 and stay at a 3 star hotel near a museum and university . In Calgary you could spend 8 days for $ 303.45 a 4 star hotel a university with free wifi and free parking . User : i will go calgary Wizard : Great : slightly_smiling_face : will book that you User : Hello , please check to see if there is a flight leaving from Toronto to Osaka on Sept 1 and on September 9 . Wizard : Do you have a budget User : Just let me if you have flights for those please . : There are no flights from Toronto to Osaka User : How about from to Porto Alegre ? Wizard : We have trips from September 1st to 5th , 6th to 9th , and 3rd to 8th . User How much does the 3rd to 8th cost ? Wizard : Economy class is 2838.25 and business is 3639.37 . User : before I up my mind ... can you also check to see there 's anything from Toronto to Minneapolis Also between Sept 1 and 9 Wizard : There is one trip from September 2nd to . User : What 's the cost ? Wizard : Economy is 755.00 and business is 884.18 . User : book that for me , business class Wizard : Great ! Your flight is booked ! a great trip and thank you ! User : Thanks User : , I need to book a Queenstown leaving ASAP for 11 people Wizard : Will all 11 people be adults ? Can you please provide me the you would like to depart from ? User : It is 4 adults and children and we will be leaving from Sacramento . My budget 19000 and I 'm hoping to a nice hotel for that price Wizard : I have the perfect place for you . It is the 5 star property Silver Orb , the museum and a short drive from the airport . This day package includes free wifi , free parking and a free gourmet for entire party and is just below your budget at a price of 18385.34USD . Should I book it User : Ok , what other options do you have ? Do anything for about a week-long trip ? Wizard : Regrettably all have accessible in Queenstown flying out of Sacramento is a 4 day . User : When is the Silver package leaving ? Wizard : It departs on Sept 5th and returns on Sept 7th User : hello Wizard Hi there ! User : can you recommend a 6 days vacation packaging on wednesday august 31 , 2016 from fortaleza Wizard : Yes ! I can book you 3 days in Manaus from 31 to September 2nd ! Are you flexible with your departure date ? User : ok Wizard : I have a 6 day package to Manaus available from Sept 11-16 User : ok. flexible on date . maybe another destinatio Wizard : I can book you in Curitiba August 31 - 12 . User : ok. any other destinations Wizard : am not finding else for your departure date . User : ok. ill book that Wizard : To ? User : yup Wizard : Ok ! I will do that : slightly_smiling_face : User : ok User : Goiania to Montreal Sept 10 to ONLY Wizard : There are no packages for your request in my data base . User : Hello there , I 'm looking for a break from the routine I live in Recife I 'm thinking of to Calgary Wizard : Do you have ? User : 3400. can you me something for 9 under that budget ? Wizard : Are you looking for a particular rating for your hotel ? : Find me the worst possible hotel . I 'm not - I am desperate inspiration for my novel Wizard : have a 2 star hotel . The costs are , , and 3369.64 . The first is economy class , and is from September 1st The second economy class , from September 2nd 11th . The third is and from September to . User : Thank . Give me the first option , you Wizard : This is 2606.41 and hotel includes free , breakfast , and wifi . This hotel is also close to airport and a park . Would you like to book this package ? User : Yes please Wizard : Wonderful ! Your package is booked ! Have a great day and come ! hello Wizard : How can I you & gt ; User : i have 9 days vacation Wizard : Awesome ! Where would you like to travel ? User : from sendai to anywhere . starting friday sept 2 2016 Wizard : I have a 9 day package available Kobe Sept 13-21 User : ok. but i have to leave 2 : I can give you 13 days in Kyoto you leave on Sept 2 User : ok Wizard : Would you like to book it ? User : are details Wizard : A 3.0 star hotel near a museum with free wifi and free breakfast for $ 442.70 . User : ok I 'd like to book it Wizard : Ok , booked ! User : thanks User : Hi ! I 'm looking to book a vacation 5 and 2 kids . We have n't been on a trip in a long time and i 'm super excited to be on beach somewhere , anywhere really as long as its a nice place : smile : Wizard : Where do you live and do you have list places to go ? User : We live in Los Angeles and we do n't have places in mind , we are just looking to stay a nice resort where we can swim in the ocean , tan , play with the kids on the beach , have drinks at night , that kind of thing Wizard : When will you be taking your vacation ? User : Between August and September 3rd ! ! Wizard : are in luck have availability at the Glorious Cloak Inn in St. Louis which is located right by the beach . This is a 4 day package which included and free buffet breakfast for the whole family . This is a star a rating . User : Do you have longer ? were hoping for a one week package . It 's quite a hassle to fly with the kids so once we get there we want to stay longer than 4 days Wizard : I have a package available of Los Angeles flying out to Columbus one would be at the Crown Jungle and it is 6 day long package It also includes wifi and parking but breakfast is not included . The good news is , it is also close to beach . User : That be cool ! What are and the price for this one ? : The price is $ 7796.72USD and the dates from August 27 to Sept 1st . This is price is based an economy class . User ok thanks ! Ya we would be flying economy The only is that i 'm not sure how warm water is in Columbus , do you have any packages for further south ? We are really looking for a tropical beach kind of vacation : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : St. Louis and Columbus are the only places available that are on the beach at the moment . User : Oh no ! What if the end was flexible ? It 's less ideal but we could be back as late as September 14th if that gives us better options . And we do n't need to leave exactly August 27th as long the trip is about a week long . Wizard : Do you have a budget for this trip ? User : We do a budget set , but like I said we want to fly in Wizard : I have the Summer Covert Club in Atlanta , United States , also on the . This one a 7 day package is available to you from September to September 14th also on economy class for 3463.11USD . User : sounds good How fancy is this hotel ? Wizard : It is 3.5 hotel with free wifi and free . It is a hotel so it does not any guest ratings yet . User : sounds really good ! 'll book this one : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : Fantastic glad could help you plan and your . I hope everything is to your satisfaction . User : Yay ! ! ! I 'm so excited for this thank you for all your help ! User : helllo Wizard : Hey there , what are you looking for ? : id like to go porto from santiago , from monday september 5th 2016 monday sept , 2016 Wizard : Ok ! Are you flexible your dates ? User not really Wizard : Unfortunately I have nothing available Santiago to Porto in your range User : ok yes flexible Wizard : Ok ! How about Aug 30-Sept 12 ? User ok Wizard : Would you like to hear more about this package ? User : yes sure . Wizard : You can stay at Breakwater Hotel from August 30th to September 12 for . is a 3.5 hotel in Porto Alegre with and free . User : or san francisco as well Wizard : Would you like to go to Long Beach from Santiago ? User : can you tell me more about Long Beach Wizard : Would you travel from Aug 24-30 User : .. only sept 5 to 19th Wizard : I can book August 30th to September 3rd in Long Beach . User : what about Wizard : I can book Valencia from 6-11 User : ok san francisco ? Wizard : I can book San Francisco from Sept 5-9 at a 2.5 star hotel near a museum 3289.59USD . User : I will take valencia Wizard : Absolutely . The cheapest package is $ 667 : ok I will take that Wizard : Great : slightly_smiling_face : I will book that for you User : ok thanks User : yooooo i 'm in pittsburgh , got ta get away for a few days . u got anything for me leaving this sat coming back mon ? Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : nah just find me something good Wizard : Our best package is from the 27th to 29th of August a 3 star hotel with free and spa . This hotel is near a museum , and a mall . This package costs 5107.17 and includes business class seats . User : which city : Tokyo , Japan . User : how much do economy seats cost Wizard : 3931.83 economy User : k book it Wizard Done ! Your flights is booked ! Have fun ! User : kk User : Hello there ! I 'm trying plan a vacation here for my family - want to bring my wife three kids somewhere cool before school starts . I 'm looking for something between August 27th and September 16th , and we 're looking at a couple of cities Wizard : Where will you be leaving from ? User : I 'll be leaving from Seattle Could you do a favour and check trips to Toluca please ? Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : Yes I do . Trying to $ 4800 or less on vacation Wizard : We have a 3.5 star hotel with four packages User : Are these packages for different dates ? Wizard : There two to choose from . 1st to 9th or August 27th September 6th . : Oh very cool ! What is the price for the August 27th to September 6th dates ? Wizard : 3889.55 for economy class and 4702.78 for business class seats User : Beautiful , ! Can you see if there are available packages for the same dates going to Santos Wizard There are no to Santos User : Oh rats ! How about ... Kingston ? Wizard : There a 2.5 star hotel for economy and business class seats from the 7th to 14th September . User : How much does it cost ? Wizard : Economy seats are 3762.80 and are . User : Great ! Going back to the Toluca option , do I get a choice hotels for economy class trip from August 27th September ? Wizard : There is just the one hotel for Toluca . User : Is it a good hotel ? Wizard : is a 3.5 star hotel with breakfast , free free parking User : ! the 2.5 star hotel my only in kingston Wizard : The 2.5 star hotel is the only option in Kingston . : Okay I need to confirm with my wife and then I 'll let you know Wizard : Sounds great ! User : Thanks ! : slightly_smiling_face : : Hello hello : slightly_smiling_face : I 'm planning a honeymoon , I want to go to Kabul from Toronto Do you have anything for me leaving on August 28th 13 days if possible got $ 3300 to spend Wizard : How many people will be traveling ? User : 2 of us Wizard : There are no flights to Kabul User : how about to Leon ? Wizard : There is one result at a 5 star hotel from August 31st to September 6th The cost 3036.30 . User : That works ! Please book it for us : Your trip is booked ! Have an amazing honeymoon ! User : Thank you : slightly_smiling_face : User : hi Wizard Hi ! User : I would like to go to burlington from new york on august 27. four adults . budget is 10800 Wizard : Ok I can book Sept 7-9 for 1801 dollars User : what about naples from new york Wizard : For 4 adults I can book Aug 31-Sep 6 for 7559 dollars User : and Burlington from New York for 4 ? Wizard : Sept 7-9 for 1801 mentioned earlier . User : for 4 ? Wizard : yes User : i need to from 27 to 31 though Wizard : Ok ! I can book York to Naples for Aug to Sept 6 or Sept 5 User : ok. sounds good for four people Wizard : Yes , for four people the price could be 7559.38 User : sounds Wizard : Would you like to about the hotels ? User : yes Wizard : From 31-Sept the Tower Hotel is available which is 4.0 stars . If you went until the 5 of September the Courtyard Resort would be available which is 3.0 and located the heart of the city . : tower hotel . looks good Wizard : Ok ! I will book for you . total will be 7559.38 USD . User : thanks User : THANK I REALLY NEED A VACATION . I live Ulsan Wizard : will do my best help you find vacation Is there special you hoping to go on vacation ? User : I have n't decided yet but one was Lima Wizard : Which would be your most suitable travel dates ? Will be travelling alone ? User : I managed to be off work from August to September 7th and I 'm hoping to away for the whole time . Yes I 'll be alone Wizard : I have a package to Lima departing on August that 8 . It is at a 4 star resort called Olive Summit Hotel . Is thos something that would interest you ? User : Can me more the hotel ? Location ? Price What 's included ? Wizard : It is near the Lima park and wifi . It has an guest rating of . The price for an 8 day stay is 3698.79USD . The economy class flight is included in the package price . User : That fantastic ! The other place I was thinking of escaping to was Essen . you offer me anything for that destination ? Wizard : I a flight from Ulsan to Essen departing on August 27 , 2016 where you would at the Motel Ivory Safari for 7 days . This a 2 star hotel with a guest rating of 4.93/10 and includes wifi and parking . The cost on this package , based on an economy class flight is 2813.16USD . User How many stars did the Lima hotel have Wizard : The Olive Summit Hotel in Lima has 4 star rating . The Motel Ivory has a 2 star rating . |Neither included breakfast . User : Great thanks I think i 'll go the Lima trip , have no idea when i 'll ever get another vacation so I want to go all out . Can you confirm the return date for me ? Wizard : 10:00 - Saturday , August 27th 2016 on 2nd User : Perfect ! I 'll book it Wizard : Great I will take down all your information . I hope I have been of service to you . I you a pleasant afternoon . User : Hi there I 'm looking book a for a week starting this Wednesday . are two and seven kids Wizard : Where would you like to go ? User : sure . I have a budget of 7000 Wizard : I can . Where will be leaving from User : from Fort Lauderdale : Cana , Atlante , Burlington , New York , , and Guadalajara are the . User : Do all of fall under my budget if I book for a week Wizard : Yes User : Can you book a week Burlington please ? Wizard : Would you like economy class seats or business class seats ? : What 's the price difference Wizard : Economy seats are 4010.72 and business class are 4770.66 . User Can confirm the dates for please ? Wizard : From September 7th to 12th . User I need to leave on the 24th of August . Are there flights to Burlington leaving on that date ? Wizard : No , sorry . Punta Cana is the only destination that leaves on the August . User : How much does the flight out of Punta Cana cost And can return on August 31st Wizard : This flight is from August 24th to August 30th . The economy flight is 2197.29 and the business class flight is 2464.52 . User : Okay book us the business class flight Wizard : I have booked your flight , have a great trip and thank you for our services ! : Naples to Santa Cruz . Leaving Sunday Aug 21 Budget 2000 Got anything for me bot ? Oh this is for one Wizard : Unfortunately there are only flights to Milan , Santiago , and User : there flights from Naples to Santa Cruz on another date ? : , no , there are no flights from Naples to Santa Cruz . User : bye : Greetings , my name is Harold . My grandson told that I book a flight by to a robot over the World Wide Web - I could hardly believe my ears ! Back my day , you to saunter to the local travel agency and wait line to talk to an agent . Wizard : How can I you ? User : Anyway , I am getting off topic here . If you could be so kind I would like to about possible flights departing from and arriving Mexico City Wizard : Do you have a budget for your trip ? User : I can afford to splurge on this trip ! : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : Great ! Will you be travelling alone ? User : I would like to between and September 1 if possible . I 'm traveling alone Wizard : We one for your . is a 3 star hotel near a beach and mall . This hotel also offers free wifi and free parking . The economy flight is 1329.53 and the business class 1657.60 . This flight is from August 22nd to September 1st . User : How wonderful ! know , I was just thinking how great it would be to bring some my old fishing down to Mexico City with me . I hate to be a pain in the backside , but be able to add three more to request ? Business class please , thank you so much ! Wizard : You are booked ! User : I can not begin to thank you enough ! It will be a hoot and half ! : I would like to go to San Juan Wizard : Ok ! Where would you be leaving from ? User between August 31 September 19. leaving from de Janeiro I have a 2800 $ budget Wizard : Ok ! I can book you Sept 1-7 for 2417.95USD or Sept 12-14 for 2423.96USD or Sept 6-13 for 2660.43USD . User : ill book that Wizard : Which one ? There are three trips listed . User : 1st one Wizard : Ok , I can book that for you ! User : , thanks . User : Hiiii ! I was just for an and I could do it in 3 cities . Since I 'm on a budget I 'll go to the city that best fits in budget . The first one is Porto Aleger . Do you have packages from August 27th to September 5th Wizard am happy to help you with your request . First of all , I would need to know which city you be from . User : I 'll be flying from Monterrey Wizard : I ask what your spending limit is please ? User : My is 3800 and I really ca n't go over that Wizard : My shortest package in Porto time wise is 13 days . Is that too long ? User : As long as I 'm in Porto for the dates I gave you , a longer stay is fine as long as the trip is in my budget ! Actually , could be kind of fun to stay longer , I would have time to do some sight seeing as well : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : I have a flight departing from Monterrey to Porto on August 27 and returning on Sept 8th . on that one is $ . It a 3.5 star hotel close to the University . User : That sounds great ! Does it have good reviews ? It 's my first time travelling alone so I really do n't want to be stuck somewhere unpleasant Wizard : It an excellent guest rating of 9.16 / 10 . It is also close to the shopping district . User Fantastic ! Ok , ill keep one in mind . The second city I go to is Punta Cana Wizard : I have one place available in Punta Cana at the moment which unfortunately does not fit into your required dates . The only departure is on Sept 7 User : Alright , . How about Brasilia ? Wizard : There are no available flights from Monterrey to Brasilia . Would you look at package number again , the one to Porto ? That package seemed to suit your dates and budget . User : Yup ! That one definitely seemed to needs best ! Give me a minute to read over the info again and I see if I have other questions . oh yes ! I will probably to some work done at the , there free wifi included ? Wizard : Not only free wifi , breakfast is also included in this package Would you like me go ahead and book this for you User : Great ! Yes please ! Wizard I will proceed with the booking then . Thank you and have a good trip . : Thank you : slightly_smiling_face User : I want to go to brasilia from mannheim , can you recommend packages from Saturday august 27 to Monday , September 12 for 2500 for 1 : Sorry , I have nothing available . User : um flexible Wizard : How about August 27-31 ? User : ok Wizard : That would cost 1943 dollars User : ok great Wizard : You want to book ? User : pls book one thx Wizard : Yes , I will User : yo fam . got 5100 to blow need to out of Los Angeles for a week can u gim me some ideas yo i heard rosario lit i fly there from angeles Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : anytime dood Wizard : There are no flights from Los Angeles Rosario . Is somewhere else you would like to go or leave from ? User : damn . where else is lit throw some ideas at me Wizard : Unfortunately there are no flights out of Los Angeles . Is there somewhere else you could leave from ? User : it does have to be rosario . i just need get out of los angeles u got flights to ? Wizard : There no Angeles to . User : I 'm traveling alone , from Minneapolis Ciudad Juarez . Sept 2 to Sept 22 . Do you have flights that fit ? Wizard : I can do Sept 8-11 . User : Is that the only you have in this range ? It has to be in September ideally Wizard : is also Sept 14-15 or the 8-11 . : How much would it cost to take the option ? Wizard : 1411.10USD User : Ok just book it for me then . : Yes , will book that for you : slightly_smiling_face : User : Thank you . User : Hi I am the father of one children.I need to book a trip to Santos from Philadelphia with a 1900 budget Wizard : Will it just be you and your child User : , I 'm with my wife Wizard : When would you like to go ? : August 27 & sept 6 Wizard : There are no flights from Philadelphia . : ok im gon have to look . thanks Wizard : Have a nice day ! User : need a flight from Ulsan to leaving on September 6 Wizard : Ok ! I do that you . you be ok with returning on the 9th . User : straight . Actually no hold up See if you got anything from Ulsan to Chicago also Also leaving September 6 Wizard Do you have a budget ? User : have a big budget , do n't you worry Wizard : I only have trips from Sept 12-25 . Nothing from the 6th sorry User : What about flights leaving August 23rd instead Wizard : The only flights on August 23 would be Denver would return to Ulsan on August 23 as well . User : No . Book the Denver flight Sept 6 then Wizard : Okay , I will do that for you : slightly_smiling_face : User : Whats the cost ? Wizard : 17094.37USD User : Ok deal Wizard Great - I will book that ! User : Well to be honest I have no vacation days left and not to actually book something , but it does n't hope to right ? 'd better do some in case I win the lottery tomorrow haha Wizard : We can help you plan your dream vacation . Where would you like to ? User : How about Milan What 's the most luxurious package you have for there ? Wizard : I can check that you . What city are you able to leave from ? User Columbus Wizard : I regret that we have no flights from Columbus to Milan . you have other places that interest you ? User : Really ? You have no flights at ? The dates do matter for me Wizard : Not from . Are you interested in going to Seattle or San Francisco ? User : Oh well , even planning an imaginary is going for me .. Guess its not my day haha . Those cities do n't interest me too . the next city on my list is . Do you have trips going there ? : I do have packages from Columbus to Sacramento . What is it that you are for in a hotel ? User : The longest , fanciest stay EVER oh and free breakfast ! that 's fun Wizard : The Bronze Luxury Hotel in Sacramento is a star rated hotel , our highest . It located near the museum and features a 10/10 guest rating , the highest possible You would fly business class and your five day would include wifi and breakfast . The total cost on package $ 2019.63USD User That would be sooooo . Keep it coming , what a dream vacation to ? Wizard : The most expensive in Frankfurt is a 15 day stay the Mellow Palms Resort , a 4.5 class hotel with a guest rating of 8.86/10 . Again you would fly business class and wifi and be included in the total price of .. Should I book it User : Anyway , i 'd better and finish my work for the day.Thank you for the mini stuck_out_tongue : User : hello I id like to go to manaus from ciudad . 4,600 $ Wizard : Are you travelling alone ? User : ya Wizard : When would you prefer to travel ? User : this week Wizard : What day would you like to leave ? User : tomorrow Wizard : There are n't any trips that leave tomorrow but there is one that leaves on the 24th . User : ok Wizard : This is a 3.5 star hotel from to 30th . The hotel offers free wifi , parking , and breakfast and is near a park and museum The economy class is 2089.41 and the business class is 2695.90 . User : you check if are any flights from Curitiba to Pittsburgh departing on Sept 2 ? Wizard : You ’ re in luck ! have a package from Curitiba to Pittsburgh from September 2-9 User : Would be possible to do Sept to 15 ? Wizard : Sorry , I have return flights on the for the September second departure . User I will get back to you , thanks User : One from Atlanta to Tofino please Wizard : Sorry , I nothing available for that destination . Is there somewhere I could look into for you User : please try to Santo Domingo please Wizard : I can book you from Punta Cana to Santo Domingo ? no can do User : Hello there , I 'd like to book a vacation for best friends and myself . I live and work in St. Petersburg , and I been wanting to get out of the city with my buddies a long time now : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : Ok ! many of you will be travelling ? Any destination in mind ? User : Do you any flights departing for Santiago on August 24 ? : You ’ re in ! I can book you Aug in Santiago for only 1563 dollars per person . User : And how San Juan departing on the same day ? : I book Aug 24-27 in San Juan for 1169 . User : kind of hotel can you find me in Santiago ? : In Santiago I have Una casa available . It is 3 stars with free wifi , free parking and free breakfast . User : fancy what about the in San Juan ? Wizard : have the Fairyland , a 4 star hotel near shopping , markets , and a museum with free wifi . User : Would you be able to me a nicer hotel in any of these ? Wizard Unfortunately those are the only hotels that leave on August 24 . User : Can you put us up for Santiago August 24-28 . Umm book for one please Wizard : ! I will book for one person for Santiago . Is this ok ? : Yes ! Thank you slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : You ! That will cost 1563.24USD . User i need book a trip to rio de janeiro Wizard : Where are you leaving from ? User : from . we are 9 7 children two adults Wizard : When you like to leave ? User august 31 and sept 19 Wizard : you have a budget ? 4900 : We have one hotel to Rio de Janeiro . This hotel is 2.5 stars and offers free wifi breakfast , and , there is also a park and shopping mall class is 2848.99 and business class is 3798.11 . trip is from September 1st to 13th . User : and is for ? yes User : ok ii need my wife 's approval . wont be booking right now User : Planning a honeymoon , please help ! Can you get on a flight out of Punta Cana La on August Wizard : Absolutely Would August 25 be ok ? User : Okay fine . Can you book us four days tell us much it would cost ? Wizard : Sure ! From to the 29th would cost 1003.11 Are you travelling alone ? User : How much would it for two Can you do any honeymoon discounts Wizard : For two it would cost User Our budget is 1200 that wo n't : disappointed : How much would a trip for two to San Diego cost Wizard : Oh . Well I ’ m sorry but I have nothing available within your Are flexible with any of your conditions ? User : I 'm flexible with destination and length of trip . The only thing that is inflexible is Wizard : I can send 2 people Punta Cana to Atlanta for $ 306.38 from 24-Septemeber 7 User : Okay will consider it and get back to you , thanks ! User : from antoni to anywhere . leaving friday sept coming back tues sept 15 Wizard : What is your budget ? User : 1100 Wizard : We have a flight to Calgary , Punta Cana , San Diego , Atlanta , Burlington , and Houston . User to atlanta Wizard : This is a 3.5 star hotel that free wifi free parking and is also the beach and near a park . The cost of this package is 500.70 and is from 8th to 13th . User : well , im gon na book the one you suggested Wizard : The package to Atlanta User : yup from san antoni Wizard : Great ! Your trip is booked ! Glad I could help and have a nice day ! : Hi , can you please tell me how much would it to for two adults and a child to go from Seoul to Naples for five days ? Wizard : Would you interested in spending 11 in Naples for $ 6351 ? User : That budget of 3200 . There really is n't a shorter trip available ? Wizard : I ’ m sorry , there is nothing else available in my database for shorter duration . : Can you please try Seoul to Long Beach . Also for five days and same amount of travelers . Wizard : 6 days in Beach would cost 7119.86USD User : Can you find flights leaving Seoul that I could look into instead : I can send you to Hiroshima 4 days at . If you could spend 14 days away I can find you a package in Kyoto for only 645 dollars . User : How good are the hotels in Hiroshima and Kyoto ? Wizard : In Kyoto you would stay at a 3 star hotel . In Hiroshima the same . User : Which hotel has higher customer ? Wizard : In Kyoto the guest rating is 0/10 . Hiroshima for . User : asked , wow . Okay book us Hiroshima for 4 days please . Wizard : Ok ! I will book that for : : User : Thank you ! Wizard : You 're welcome User Yes hi ! I live in Santos and I want to book holiday of up to 16 days Do you have any trips I can take that fit within a budget of 0 $ ? Wizard : I am sorry but we do not offer free trips User : Really ? Not even to ? Wizard : We do not offer free trips . User : That really a shame . Alright what if I increase my budget to 400 $ , what can you do for me Wizard : I can actually send you to Rio de Janeiro 9 days for $ 152.86USD . Does interest you ? User : That could be fun , you give more info about the package ? Wizard : You have to be available to September 7 . I can even send you in business class if you would like . It would be at the Hotel Fernando Ribero , which is rated 2.5 stars User : Yes ! ! ! Business class ! ! me trip ? Wizard : For business class to the hotel Fernando Ribero it would be 204.56USD . All other options to Rio Janeiro are above your 400 budget . User : about to other destinations ? Wizard : Hotel Fernando Ribero in Rio Janeiro is one under $ 400 . Would you like to book it ? User : Yes , since 400 really is my budget , I 'll book the Hotel Fernando Ribero package . It wo n't be the most exotic holiday , but it is a very good deal ! Wizard : I will proceed with the booking . User : Great , thank you User : hi Wizard : User : name is Cosmos and I need to go to Kobe from Tampa Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : lol adults willing to pay 31400 $ $ $ Wizard : Unfortunately there are no results for this request . Is there another destination you 'd like me to check for you ? User : no actually i to go to Fukuoka Wizard : There are no results this User : Hello , anybody there ? Wizard Yes I am here here for you slightly_smiling_face User Yes please . I live in Wizard : would you like to go ? User Do you have any flights to Denver Wizard Sure ! Do you have a budget : I think i got $ 4900 saved up Wizard : Ok ! Do you have dates in mind ? User No dates yet , just an idea what out there Wizard Ok ! I have Sept 8-11 in Denver for $ . User : How about Los Angeles Wizard : I have 10 days Los Angeles $ 3893.48 . User : How much would it cost go to Vancouver Wizard can go to Vancouver from Aug 29-Sept 7 for $ 2742.44USD : Thank much ! I ca n't book now but I 'll let you know if my schedule clears up User : Hello , Wizard : Hi User : Can I please have a vacation Busan to Pittsburgh for $ 1500 Wizard : you travelling alone ? User : yes Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : I dont mind Wizard : Sorry but there are flights from Busan to Pittsburgh . Is there another destination you might like to try out ? User : can i go to sendai Wizard : Yes you can We have two 4 star . User : ok how much is it : 490.35 , 554.37 , 603.65 , 682.46 , 692.41 , and 785.39 . User : ok I will book that one Wizard : Which price interests you ? : Wizard : I will book this for you ! Your the 30th of August to 11th of September . Have a great trip ! User : thank you : You 're welcome ! User : Hello ! I 'm looking to take my family on vacation soon , and wanted to get a sense of prices Wizard : ! When would you to go ? And where are you located ? User : We live in , looking to travel between August 25 and September 5 . Can you tell me how it would cost to go to Pittsburgh Wizard Ok ! ! How many would be travelling ? User : Two and two Wizard Would be interested in travelling from August 27-September 2 ? User : Potentially , if that 's all you have . Can you know how much that ? Wizard : That would cost $ for your entire family . User : Yikes that is over our budget of $ . Can you see much a trip to Indianapolis would cost ? Wizard : I can Aug 30-Sep 7 for 2031.51USD User Could you find something fits within August to 5 ? Wizard : Not in , I ’ m sorry : disappointed : User : Alright . In that , can you check prices going to Toronto Wizard : I can book August 27 until September 2nd for 1807.58USD User : Excellent . What kind of hotel comes with that package ? Wizard : The hotel is 3 stars with a user rating of 8.86 stars . The hotel has wifi , parking , and breakfast . : And are the flights economy or business class ? Wizard : Economy : How much would it cost if we to business class ? Wizard : Sorry but I don ’ t have any business class options available . User : Okay thanks for help . I will get some feedback from the Mrs. and come back to you with a decision soon : Good afternoon : slightly_smiling_face : I want to book a vacation for myself , my husband and our daughter . The time frame for our holiday is between August 31st September 9th Wizard : Will that be 2 adults and 1 child ? User : Yes ! Wizard : Where will departing from Do you have a special in mind ? User : We live in Portland and we do n't have any destinations in mind we look forward to suggestions ! Our constraint is that budget is of 4800 $ Wizard : I a package available to Miami which suits your dates perfectly . It would at the Aegis which is a 3 star hotel quite a bit under your budget . The total cost for your entire stay would be $ 2134.14 . How that sound ? : How is this vacation for Wizard : 10 days . It departs on August 31st and returns on Sept 9 on an flight . User : ! a pretty good for the length of the trip ! Do you have options for outside the US ? Wizard : I have Ciudad Juarez or I a 9 day package available in Mexico City , Mexico at the Exalted Willow Resort & Suites 3.5 star , on beach close to shopping district and beside the mall . It included free wifi and parking . cost on this one is within your budget at 2284.41USD . User : What an attractive sounding package ? Does the hotel have good reviews ? Wizard : It has average rating of 8.37 / 10 : Great ! I might get some done the evenings is there wifi or computers I can use at hotel Wizard : There is wifi User : That works ! thing , can you give the dates of this trip ? Wizard : Departing 1 and returning Sept 9 . User : Fantastic , i 'm looking forward to this Can you book this for us ? Wizard : I will proceed with the and send confirmation . a nice day . User Thank you so ! User : yo fam want to take my girl down to Punta Cana Wizard : slightly_smiling_face : User we from Cancun , tryna leave on Aug 30 Wizard Ok ! Well I have September 2nd available , this be ok ? User : i dont know dude Wizard : you have a budget ? User : budget is 2800 . how about Guadalajara ... my cousin me that place LIT : fire : fire : Wizard : Hmm well I ’ m sorry but I have only trips leaving September 2 11 , or 7 : how long is trip 2 to Cancun Wizard : I thought you lived in Cancun ? User : true , my bad meant to ask about the flight to Punta Cana Wizard : You would from Punta Cana on September 3rd : thats one day fam Wizard : Would you like to book it ? User : do you one sept 2 with a different return date like september 7 for example Wizard : No fam k book me the one day honeymoon . how much it Wizard : Wonderful : slightly_smiling_face : I will that you . User : how much should i pay you ? Wizard : 1808.70USD User : alright booked Wizard : Done ! User : I want to go to Paris from Maceio with 6200 $ . Wizard : We have two 4 star hotels . User : what about from Maceio to Detrut Wizard : There are no results from Maceio to Detrut . User from maceio to Paris ? Wizard : I have packages to paris User : what about Minneapolis ? Wizard : How about a 2.5 star for 3422.75 ? : 3422.75. looks good to me Wizard : This package has a museum , , and mall , plus free , , and parking This trip is from August 27th to September 4th . User : ok Wizard : Would you me to book this package for you ? User : yes please Wizard : Your flight is ! : thak you User : Hi ! I 'm looking to go from Essen to San Juan between August 27 to 17 Traveling alone Wizard : How does Sept 1-7 sound ? User : Its for an internship , dates are non-negotiable . If thats not possible , can you check Santo for ? : Do you have a budget ? Those dates do n't work for Santo Domingo User : Kyoto : August 30-Sept ? User : August 27 to September 17 Wizard : August 27-September 1 ? User : I feel like I 've myself clear Wizard August 30-September ? : August 27 September Wizard : August 27-September 1 ? User : , I 'm looking to go from Essen Mannheim Wizard : Cool ! I some packages available from $ 676 User Can you check Essen to for me Wizard How many days would travel for ? User : As long $ 2900 will take me ! : Ok There are 11 days at the Escape Cave for only $ 2278.54USD . User : I want to see how would cost to go to Miami Wizard : can spend 9 days Miami for low as $ 1583 . User : Good to know thanks again User : hi . I want to go to from Burlington . please recommend me packages from Sunday 21 to August 24 for 2200 for adults . Wizard : The only result I have is one trip from Burlington to Calgary . User : ok what if I increase my budget by 300 $ : No but you can afford a trip to Denver from Burlington User : ok I will go to Calgary Wizard : This a 4 star hotel for 2179.40 . This trip is from September 2nd to 8th . Would you like me to book it for you : ok for seven adults Wizard : Yes . Your trip is now booked ! I 'm glad I could help you today and thank you for using our services User : ok Thank you ! User : Hi there : HI : smile : User : I 'm looking to leave from San Diego to a vacation destination . I have saved up approximately 0 for this trip Can you help me find suitable location ? Wizard : No User : Wow alright . How about if I told you I $ , can you buy me a round trip to Phoenix ? Wizard : I can send to Calgary , Philadelphia Cana , or User : Phili sounds good ! How many days ? Wizard : can spend 6 days in historic , United States for only $ 366.99 if you leave from rustic San Diego , USA . User : How many days can I spend in Calgary ? : You can go to Calgary for 6 days . User : Can put me up at the Super 5 Hotel ? Wizard : How the Amusement ? It may only but 4 but it is pretty good User it ! Nothing like fun in the city with my budget Wizard : You 're trip booked ! User hello Wizard : Hi , how can I help you User : to seoul for at most 6600 if , will leave from Berlin Wizard : We have one 3 star hotel . Package prices are 2107.88 , 2703.71 , 3434.27 , and 4405.40 . User : ok. for two adults Wizard : This narrows it down to a 4215.76 package from the 24th of August to the 30th for the economy class seats or 5407.42 for business class seats . Which do you prefer ? User : the class Wizard : Great , would you like this now ? User : yes please Wizard : I just booked your trip you will receive a confirmation email and detailed information about your trip . Have a nice day ! User : User : Hey : Hi User : Book a trip for 5 adults from Jerusalem to Kingston , and do it fast . Leaving August 21 Returning August 24 Wizard : I will book you 9 days at Ebony Manor Inn & from August 23-31 . You will leave from . User : No we will not . We will be leaving from Jerusalem and going to Kingston . Do you understand ? Wizard No , you will go to Denver leave from Kingston . : Jerusalem to Kingston . I swear if I have to repeat myself again then I will sue Wizard : 10 days from to Kingston for 3426.86 USD User : Hi there , I 'm planning a family vacation and was wondering if you could be of assistance . We are 8 adults leaving from Beijing to Kyoto Wizard : Ok ! When your dates ? User Leaving from Sunday August 21 . Flexible with return date . But we to keep it under a budget of A budget of 2900 Wizard : I have no flights departing from Beijing , I am sorry . User : Do you have flights departing from Jerusalem instead ? Wizard : I do : ( User So let me get this straight You do not have any flights whatsoever leaving from , to any Wizard , I do not deal with that Place I am so so sorry . User : dream of a better life and I want to go to Sendai Wizard : Where are you leaving from ? : horizonte Wizard : Do you have a budget User : $ 1,200 Wizard : Are you going to be travelling alone ? User : ya unfortunately Wizard : would you like to leave travels/ : as soon as possible . Wizard : There are no results within your budget . User : ? Wizard : Our best packages for Belem are at a 4 star hotel on the beach near the airport . The economy seats cost 791.57 the business seats 871.30 . User : ok what about calgary Wizard : There is within your budget for flights to Calgary User : ok i will take the belem flights : Would you like business class or the economy seats ? User : business class : Great ! It is done ! This trip from August 27th to September 2nd Have a good vacation User : awwwwsome can i also inquire for goiania Wizard : Goiania a 3.5 star hotel from August 27th to . The price for class is 914.20 and price for the business class is 1091.50 . User : I 'd like to book a for myself , from Tel Aviv to Tampa from , Aug 21 , returning Aug 24 . Do you have a flight me ? Wizard : I ’ m sorry but I have no departures from Tel Aviv in my database . I book from ? User : Then you are useless to me . Good bye . User : Heyooooo Wizard : Hey User : We are group of friendly bros 7 adults in all and we want to go from Paris to Athens . Leaving Aug 29 returning Sept 9 Wizard : Are you on a budget ? User : Right ! Our budget is 24300 Wizard : I can do this for you ! I have one hotel available - Lunar Jewel Lodge . You would go from August 30-September 8 . User : Is there no way you could Book us from the 29th of Aug until 9th of Sept ? If not , can you check for and also leaving from Paris ? Wizard : not for Athens . I will check on Brasilia for you right now User : Thanks bro Wizard : I can book August 29-September in Brasilia ! Would that be ok ? User : What would it cost , and what kind of hotel can you get us ? Wizard : have a star Parallel Angel near the beach , a park , a theatre for $ 19719 . User : Can you me if this hotel has a hot tub ? boys are hyped for a team hot sesh : It has free breakfast , wifi , and free parking but not know about anything else . User : alright . Can you if the hotel in Athens has a tub ? . And also tell us what that package would cost Wizard : that information is not in my database . I am : disappointed : : much does it cost then Wizard : In Athens , the cost would be 17462.92USD . User : What is the user review of the hotel in Athens ? What the user review of the hotel in Brasilia ? : There are no user reviews for the Athens hotel or for the Brasilia hotel . : Is there an option to fly business to Brasilia Wizard : Yes that would bring your total cost to 18463.96USD User : Done.Book it . Wizard : Ok : slightly_smiling_face will go ahead and book that for you User : Thank you ! User : Hi ! Can you help me book a family vacation Great ! I looking book a trip for 7 adults and kids . We live in Campinas and we are going to Berlin . What options can you offer me ? Wizard : When would you to depart ? User : n't have in mind yet we like a holiday that is a week long Wizard I have 5 star hotels available . How much do you have to allocate to this trip User : We spend at most 29000 : I apologize but after double I realize that I not have any flight s from Campinas to Berlin . Is there anywhere else you would like to go ? User : No we are specifically looking to a to Berlin . Thank you , I 'll try going through other agencies . Wizard : I apologize for any inconvenience Have a nice day . User : Do you do flights leaving from Tel Aviv ? Wizard No User : Good evening . I Hugo , father to five darling children Wizard : Hi Hugo ! Where are you going ? User : We in , and have been eyeing Miami as a destination for quite some time . Wizard : Ok ! Are of your travelling with you ? Any other adults User : They sure are ! Do you a for two adults and five children on the 27th of August , returning the 7th of September . Wizard : I do have a trip leaving August 27 August 31 ! User : Hmph that is Wizard : Sorry : disappointed : When would you to return ? User : We would have preferred to returned on the 7th of September , as I have stated . Wizard : You return on September instead ! User : Would also be leaving on the 27th of August ? Wizard : No , you would leave on August 31 . : Since you are unable to make our Miami plans come to fruition , then perhaps may be of more use helping us book a flight to St. Louis instead . Same dates , also leaving from Mannheim Wizard : I can book you from August until September 5 ? I hope that might be somewhat satisfactory for . User : That is a marked improvement indeed . What are the associated with such journey ? Wizard : At the 5 star hotel , Lunar , you would pay $ 18155 . User : there cheaper alternatives ? That far beyond our budget Wizard Sadly , no . User : This is most unfortunate . In that case we look to travel closer to home can you book us a Essen instead Same details as before Wizard : Only thing available is from August 31-September 3 . User : comparison 's sake , what is the cost of the trip to Miami from August 31 to September 5 Wizard : 8970.25USD User : there any you that ? We will make do with budget airlines seedy motels . Its time the young'uns see the real world anyway . : I can not the price User : Very well . about the price for the trip to Essen ? Wizard : 2293.34USD User : hello . please find me a vacation from Lauderdale to Rome ! ! ! Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : noooo Wizard : Yes , it 's great ! Are you travelling with anyone : I travelling alone without having to worry about budgets ! ! Wizard When would you to leave ? User : oh ok like tommorow ? ! Wizard : Unfortunately there are no results in my database for flights from Fort to Rome . User : Okay send me to Birmingham Wizard : 'm sorry but I ca n't get you there out Fort Lauderdale . User : omg . Alright , I can leave from anywhere ! User : suh Wizard : Hello ! may I help you today ? User : whats good in santo rn tryina bring my wife and her and our 4 on a trip rn lmao Wizard I can take a look at that for you . Can you please provide me with your departure city ? User ayyy . san antonio . but like we got a budget fyi . 6700 cool cool Wizard : I have two packages at the Sierra Hotel 3 stars . One is 13 days and the other is 19 days and they both fit in your budget ! How of vacation are you looking to book ? User : whats the deets ? is the same , but whats the ? Wizard : 13 vacation is 5789.40USD and from August 25th to September 6th and the 19 day vacation is 6493.58USD and is from August 26th to September 13th . User well my 4 kids dont need to start school on time lets book the one ' Wizard : Great ! I will book the 19 day package for you and send you a confirmation email . User : u da best thanks User : Hi there ! I getting married in Phili next week and we are having the most wedding ever ! With all the planning for , we forgot to plan our honeymoon ! airplane_departure : We pretty broke would still like to take a trip to Curitiba ! : blush : Wizard : Excellent do you have any dates in mind ? User : We get married on September 1st so we would to on the 2nd : european_castle : A 15 day package would be ideal ! Wizard : How many people are on this trip ? User : Just my and I we are leaving my new mother-in-law at : stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye : Wizard : I 'm pleased to tell you that we have a travel package available to Curitiba , departing Philadelphia on September 2 and returning on September 14 . You would be staying at the renowned Crown Market , a 3.5 star hotel with a guest rating of 8.22/10 . The is situated next to the beach , and features free breakfast , free wifi , and free parking . The cost for this trip is $ 3460.88 . Would you like to book this ? User : WOW that sounds amazing and it 's under our budget of $ 3900 ! I love that is on the : surfer : found us the perfect honeymoon , thank you so much for your help . User : Hi I 'd like to go on to Monterrey ! Wizard Hi : oops mean from Monterrey to Ulsan Wizard : What would be your User : I one stinkin ' rich Wizard Which would you want to go ? User : I 'm thinking between September and 15th . Wizard : How many people would be going ? User : Just me myself and I. I 'm like independent : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : Would the dates flexible ? User I between August 31st and September 8th as well I : 1 . 10 Days at the Sapphire Time , hotel , at 21807318.3USD User : What 's another option ? Wizard : 2 . Crimson - 5 , 4 , 22308558.83USD User : These are all really expensive .... Do you have options ? I rich but I like to stay rich for as as possible Wizard : so what is your budget sir ? User : 'm a woman ! to find something 9000 or less if you can . : Now hear this ! I do n't know where I want to go , but I want to leave from Cancun ! Wizard : Sure , I can help you with that ! Do you have any dates in mind ? User : Ah yes ! I need to leave on August 29 and return Sept 18th ! Wizard : Are you travelling alone ? User Oh yes ! Wizard : I offer you 14 day package the Resort Jade Covert in Tijuana , Mexico It a 3 star and the total price be 595.18USD . User : Will they give breakfasts to me ? Wizard : They do have free breakfast ! And they also offer free wifi and parking . User I am prepared book this Wizard : will now book your trip User I no longer . I 'm out of here User : I want to go to Curitiba . Wizard : Hi there , where would you like to go from ? User : Phili Wizard : how many people ? User : 5 adults altogether Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : Nah , I 'm too cool to worry about money . Money is meant to be spent anyway , right ? Wizard : Which days would you like to travel ? User : August 28th and September 18th . My dates are flexible too btw Wizard : have a few options available , there 's Pinnacle for days and 7 days . it 's in Curitiba , Brazil the 's a 3.0 star hotel , with a market nearby . Total price : 8465.4USD Then , we have Crown Market Palace for 13 days , also in , Brazil . this one 's a 3.5 star hotel with a 8.22 / 10 from guests . with a beach , , , free parking , the comes to 8652.21USD User What are my options if I want to go to La Paz from Phili ? Wizard : Which days would you to travel ? User : The same dates as before silly Wizard : You could stay at the Echo . It 's in La Paz , Bolivia , it and a 8.98 / 10 from guests . You 'd be getting breakfast wifi and parking . you want to stay for days , it would 5589.20USD . It would also cost 5589.20USD to stay 4 days . Additionally , if 'd like to spend 6697.89USD , you 'd be able stay for 5 days ! : . What about if I from Santiago ? Wizard Sorry , I do n't have any results for trips departing from Santiago at the dates and price range give User : ugh that 's so lame . Well what I left from Santiago and go Curitiba ? Is there anything ? Wizard : , I do n't have any results for this request either User : hmm okay let me think for a sec .... i just wan na compare my options first . Wizard : Sure , no problem User : I think I like the first option for the trip to La Paz . Is this flight economy or business ? Wizard Departing from Philadelphia ? User Yeah ! Wizard : economy class User : Is the third option to La Paz business class ? : yes , it is User : what days are the flights ? : August 18 - September 18 User : Whoa ! A whole Month ? Wizard : Yes User hmmm I think I 'll take it ! ! book one for me please ! Wizard : I will book this trip then : Thank you so much ! this is gon na be best vacation ever ! ! ! ! 1 User : Good day ! We got married last week and we 'd like to go off to San for a bit Wizard : Hello , from which city would you be leaving from ? User : From beautiful Houston man ! Wizard : Wonderful , do you have departure and dates in mind ? User We got ta leave on Sept 1st we wan na make the game . I 'd like to stay ten days , maybe we can catch 2 games ! Wizard : Great , and how many adults children are coming in this trip ? User : Just the two of us man ! Wizard : Will that be two ? User : Yes , of course , you got ta be 18 to get in Houston I pleased to you that we a travel package available , Houston for San Antonio on September 1st and returning on September 10th . You will be staying at charming Winter Inn , a 2 with close proximity to parks , malls , and theatres , and featuring free , free wi-fi , . You would flying business class , and the total cost comes out to 1219.94 . Would like confirm this booking ? User Hey bud , I only have $ 900 ! Anything cheaper ? We really n't have to fly business class Wizard : I am pleased to inform you that we have a package , leaving Houston for San Antonio on 1st and returning on 10th . You will be at Winter Hill Inn a 2 star hotel with close proximity to parks , malls , and theatres , and featuring free breakfast , free wi-fi , and free parking . You would be flying economy class , and the total cost comes out to 1051.85 . Would you like to confirm this booking ? User : Do you know what that 's close to ? Wizard : I can confirm that the hotel in close proximity to parks , malls , and . User : I guess my bride can go I go to the game . This sounds like package but I only have $ 900 . Wizard : Unfortunately that is the lowest can for the given dates . Would you be open to changing the dates so that more pricing options are made User : I guess 150 is not that big a deal and this one works with the , just go ahead and book it . Thanks , bud . Wizard : Excellent , I have your trip for you and will send you an confirmation shortly . Bon voyage ! User : Merci ! Wizard : Glad to be of help : slightly_smiling_face : User : Hello I am currently in Aviv on business would like to get to Houston next Saturday , August 27th . Wizard : I 'm sorry we currently do not have any flights Tel and Houston . User : Well what if i left from Maceio Wizard I can offer you a 6 day stay at the Elton The only dates available though are from September 6th to 11th . Are your dates flexible ? User : Hmm , I ’ d like to leave the 27th .. in that case I perhaps switch around my , as also have to make it to for an old colleague ’ s retirement party . Can you look into trips Burlington for me from Maceio ? I would have a coworker travelling me . Wizard : What date is this for ? User : I would like to Maceio on 27th of August , can you tell me my options ? Wizard : I for the inconvenience but once again I have no flights leaving August to offer you . The earliest you could fly from Maceio Burlington would be on September 2nd User : Hmmm well that ’ s I guess .. would the be ? Wizard : It would be 13 stay at the Excursion Motel and it would cost a total of 5579.42USD if you flew in economy or 7214.67USD in business class . User Well that is no Goodbye . : I HAVE TO LEAVE FOR DENVER ON OR BEFORE AUGUST 23 . Wizard : Great , from which city would you be departing ? User : Wizard : How many and children will be on this ? User : JUST ME Wizard : Do you a budget in mind ? User : 2900 AND I NEED TO STAY IN YOUR BEST HOTEL IN Denver Wizard : Just to confirm , would you be traveling from to Denver ? User : FROM TO DENVER ON BEFORE AUG 23 AND HAVE STAY AT YOUR BEST HOTEL FOR UNDER 2900 . COMPRENDE ? Wizard : I am to announce that have a travel package available , leaving Marseille for Denver on August 23 and returning on August 27 . You will be staying at the acclaimed Resort a 3 star hotel with proximity to and universities . The hotel boasts a 0/10 guest rating and features free wi-fi . You would be flying economy class , and the cost comes out to 1665.15 . Would you like to confirm this booking User : WHAT DO YOU HAVE IN 5 STAR RATED HOTELS . I NEED TO STAY AT THE BEST OF THE BEST . Wizard : Unfortunately , I do not have a 5 star hotel available Are you flexible with your dates User : AS AS I LEAVE THE 23RD AT LATEST Wizard : , I do not have a star hotel available for the listed conditions . Would you like to confirm the previous booking ? User NO ABSULUTELY NOT , IT 'S NOT WHAT I WANT Wizard : I am excited to that we have a travel package available , leaving Marseille for Denver on August 23 and returning on August 28 . You will be at the esteemed Brass Renaissance Resort , a 3 star hotel with close proximity to the park . The hotel boasts a 8.86/10 guest rating and free wi-fi and free breakfast . You would be flying class and the total cost comes out to 2662.97 . Would you like to confirm this booking ? User : ANOTHER 3 STAR RATED HOTEL ... GOOD BYE ! User hayyyy so I just got : smile : we totally about booking honeymoon . But yeah , two of us wan na go to Fortaleza . the wedding Tijuana , and we wan na go on august 27 : I have a 5 day vacation at the Secret Prairie Resort to offer you . It would cost 3097.70USD if you took economy flights or 3916.95USD if you flew in business class . Does this fit in your budget ? User : omg that is actually - our budget is ! and what are the details whats the like ? ? Wizard : It is a 3 star hotel close to a park and shopping and it includes breakfast , wifi and parking . It has a great user review 8.22/10 so it should meet all expectations ! User : ok that sounds pretty good actually ! ! i mean id prefer better than 3 stars for honeymoon and all but if its got a guest rating of 8.22 stars then thats good . what at the flight dates ? Wizard : The trip would be from August 27th as requested to August 31st . User : lets book ! User : Portland I live I will leave August 31 back September 17 no more than 3200 dollars go Wizard : you have destinations in mind ? User : No : I have a 14 day vacation at the Sunny Aurora Hotel in Leon Spain to you . You be staying a 5 star hotel with excellent reviews and you would be flying in business . package is available August 31st to September 12th and costs 2616.74USD , well under your budget . User : That quite impressive . What is hotel located near Wizard is close to a market . User : Wonderful , I love markets Ok , let ’ s book it . Wizard : I will book it for you ! Thank you for using our services . User : Thanks : Hi I need to get a way as soon as possible before I totally lose it .... Wizard : Hi there , can I help you book a trip today ? User : , I have lots of money help find a trip to Kyoto for me and my friend she needs to get away too Wizard : From which would be departing ? User : I 'm in toronto right now my friend will be here by Wizard : Excellent , just to make sure : you are looking to book for two adults ? User : yes ! for my friend and I as soon possible I 'm going ! just make sure we are back by sept 6 Wizard : Would a departing on August 22 and returning on 30 work for you ? User yes would but it has to have a spa and gourmet food Wizard , I do not have enough information on availability of a spa and gourmet , I am pleased say that have located a serves free breakfast . Would you like to hear more about package : is it a five hotel we only want a five star and if theres no at least a beach Wizard : Unfortunately , I am unable to locate a five star hotel in Kyoto at this time . you like to hear more about packages involving a different type of hotel User : what do you have SL ? must be something ! Wizard : I have located a five star in SL , but the return is on 7 . Would you like to about this package ? User : yes ! ! ! ! ! Wizard : Great ! You would staying at the prestigious Lunar , five-star hotel with a guest rating of 8.98/10 . The hotel features free breakfast and free wi-fi and your trip will from August 27 to September 7 . For two adults , cost come to 3420.46 . Would you like for me to confirm this booking User : is it close to the beach Wizard : Unfortunately , I can confirm whether it is in proximity to beach . User : can you book on business class we do not fly economy Wizard : am pleased to inform you that in anticipation of your needs , the aforementioned trip is for a class flight ! : slightly_smiling_face : User : perfect this is just what we need thank you please book and keep it yourself : I will do that , and send you an email confirmation shortly . Have a great trip ! User : Hi . to get to Sapporo Leaving Baltimore Sept 9-13 Between those dates . Not flexible . Wizard : I apologize for the inconvenience but we do not have flights available on those dates . User : Hello . I haven ’ t left Kingston in years , and I have 4900 left . I don t think I could even take a trip Kobe for that price .. but would let me know I wish I just go to Kobe but I have no vacation days left because I had to take them all to care for my sick Wizard : could take an 8 day to Kobe , stay in a 3 star , fly in class . User What would the hotel be like Wizard : Its called Royal Island Inn . It close to the market and a palace comes with free wifi . User : I went to North Vancouver I ’ ve the west coast of this country Right we only have an 8 day package . You would stay at a 2.5 hotel close to the beach and you get free breakfast , wifi and parking . With economy it would cost 1568.86USD and 1965.92USD with business class tickets . : Ok - one last destination I ’ ve been dreaming . Rio Janeiro . Wizard : now we have 8 and 14 day long vacations the Hotel Fernando Ribero . It is close to a park a and shopping . The most expensive of these options which is the 14 day package flying only comes out to 2596.31USD User : hello we are 6 very quiet foreign students from and we that we need to socializing more so we are thinking going to for spring break Wizard : can certainly help you with that ! What are the departure return dates you in ? User : our spring is Sept 2 and Sept 22 we do n't have to be away for whole time Wizard : Great ! What kind of budget did you have in mind ? User : we have 11900 to spend we have been saving all year Wizard : I am excited to present you with package featuring the 4-star hotel The Double Pastures ! The hotel near the cathedral ; free breakfast and wi-fi is included . You will be departing on September 11 and returning on September 21 The cost of the trip will be 5649.61 go ahead and book this trip you ? User : we want to see what there is in Hamburg Wizard : Certainly ! We have a trip to Hamburg departing on September 12 and returning on September 20 . You will be the acclaimed Traveller Inn , a establishment located in the heart the city . hotel features free breakfast wi-fi . cost of the trip will be 6887.42 . Would you like me to book this trip ? User : so they are both 8 day packages Wizard : Sorry , I do understand User : how many days is each package| ? Wizard : The package to Rome is 11 days User : and the package to ? Wizard : The package to 9 days User looks me like they are pretty equivalent but just be sure , Hamburg downtown ? Wizard : I can confirm that the Traveller Inn is conveniently located near the heart of the city . User I have discussed is with my fellow students and we decided we will go Hamburg you able to help us book that Wizard : Absolutely ! you like for me to book the package Hamburg ? User : yes please ! : relieved : Wizard : , I have just completed your booking and will send an email confirmation you shortly We hope you have a trip ! : slightly_smiling_face : User : Hey there ! : morning ! How may I help you ? User : I ’ ve been tasked with booking my own little Brady bunch a dandy tripadoodle end of this summer : smile : There ’ s , my wife , and 7 little angels . We would like to out our options in Mexico City , leaving from Munich , with a budget of 12600 . Wizard : I 'd love to help you with that ! The first package I offer you is a 7 day stay at Tropic which is close to the beach and shopping . It would be from September 2nd to . Would those dates work for you ? User : Wow , yippee ! That ’ s a sounding vacation ! yes those are just fine . I guess I should ’ told ya earlier but we are to travel from August 30th until September 12th . Wizard : ! Should I book this one for you or would you like to consider more options ? User : I ’ ve got be good and though , this trip is na set the standard for all our getaways to come . What else is available ? Wizard : Another option for your family would be to spend days at 3.5 star Exalted Willow Resort & . This one is also close to the beach and would come out to 10688.56USD . User : Oh , so how many stars was the Hotel Tropic spot you first mentioned ? Wizard : That one had 3 stars . : Ok ! , have another destination that I ’ m interested .. are there any packages available if we went to San Diego ? Wizard : In San Diego I can offer you week long package at 2.5 star hotel , Majestic Mountain Inn . It includes free breakfast , wifi and parking . The total cost of this holiday be 10956.9USD . : Ok .. , we are also thinking about visiting Essen as that ’ s where my wife ’ s family is from . Could you me anything about packages to Essen from Munich ? Wizard : Essen would be a cheaper destination . I have an 8 day holiday package at the Relaxation You could fly in business class for 3702.62USD . : Hmm yes , . Far more affordable to travel domestically . I think Mexico City would be far more fun the crusty in-laws… Let ’ to those packages . I think I ’ d to book Exalted in Mexico City . It sounds very exotic and beautiful . Wizard : Sure Would like to go ahead with a booking or prefer if I check for more options ? User Let ’ s do it : smile : User : Hi I 'm from and am looking for a day get away for the upcoming long weekend Wizard : Is this a trip for one adult ? User yes just lonely ole me Wizard : Can you please give me the dates you will be free to travel User : I have to leave on Friday and I 5 days off Wizard : I can offer 4 day vacations to Calgary or Burlington . Which one you like to hear about first ? : days works fine for me . Burlington is supposed to have amazing museums and quite the night life . What do you have close to ? : For the days you , none of the hotels available are close to a . However , we do have a 2.5 star hotel in the heart of the city . User : How much is this place in Wizard Your stay at Excursion Motel would be 612.32USD . The rating , if you 'd like to know , if 2.5 User : And Calgary ? Wizard : Calgary package is 290.10USD 4 stars User : So it 's cheaper it is a 4 star ? Wizard : Yes it is ! User : else do you have in Calgary ? Wizard : The 4 star hotel is the Amusement is the one available for the . The only option I can offer you would be to upgrade to a business ticket which would increase the cost to 387.34USD User : what close to ? Wizard : It is close to a User : anything else included in the price ? Wizard This hotel offers wifi and parking User : no breakfast ? Wizard : No , there is no breakfast included in the price User you only have the 2.5 star hotel in Burlington and the 4 star hotel available in Calgary No choices for the upcoming long weekend of Sept 2nd ? Wizard : Exactly , those are the two packages I can offer you at the moment User : okay was looking for a little more variety in options , thanks anyway ! Wizard : I 'm sorry we did n't what you were looking for . Have a good afternoon ! User : Hello . I am a deeply tormented children ’ s writer and I need to get away to Lima to write my upcoming book , Little Engine That Let Everyone Down I a deplorable sales record and so I need to stay under 2000 dollars . I am leaving from Minneapolis . Wizard : Certainly , how many adults and how many children will traveling on this trip ? User : I travel alone and my solitude is the of my suffering . Wizard : That sounds excellent ! Do you any dates in mind ? User : I care not about the arbitrary constraints of calendars . Wizard : You are luck ! I have a trip from August 31 to September 7 , where you be staying at the Summit Hotel , a picturesque 4-star hotel located near a park . wi-fi is included and the total cost of the trip 801.13 . Should I go ahead and book this trip for you ? User : I do not wish to be a I do not want to have to be exposed to the sounds of joyful youths ’ merrymaking . I need more options . Wizard : I regret to inform you that all Lima hotels in our database in close proximity to parks . you like me to conduct a search in an alternate destination ? User : How miserable . Yes , search for Seattle results . Wizard : Certainly ! I am pleased to present you with a trip to Seattle September 6 to 11 , where you will be staying at the inimitable Emerald , a 5-star institution located near the airport Free parking standard with this hotel , and the total cost comes to . Would this option be to your liking User : Yes , I would stay near the barren desert airport and be confined to the comforts of my own room . Please book this . Wizard : Done ! Its a pleasure to have your business ; we will send an email confirmation to you shortly . We wish you a joyful voyage ! User : Thank you . I will be full of joy . User : sup Wizard : ! Can I help you with any travel plans today ? User : paris Wizard : Fantastic choice ! From what will you be departing from ? User : Wizard : I am excited to announce that we have a travel package available 12339 adults and 1 child , leaving Leon Paris on August 31 and returning on September 10 . You will all be staying at the esteemed Autumn Treasure Hotel , a 4 star hotel with close proximity park . The boasts a 8.49/10 guest rating and features free wi-fi and free breakfast for . You would be flying class , and the total cost comes to $ . Would you like to confirm booking ? User : no ! Stop ! Wizard : I 'm sorry to hear that . Would you like for me to for alternate hotel User : just search for me alone Wizard : Very well . I 'm enthused to you that have a travel package leaving Leon for Paris on September 7 and returning on September 22 . You will all be staying at the esteemed Treasure Hotel , a 4 hotel with close proximity to the cathedral , museum , and shopping . The hotel boasts a 8.69/10 guest features free wi-fi and free breakfast for travelers . You would be economy class , and the total cost comes out $ 853.40USD . Would you like to confirm this booking ? User : Very good . I will take this package And by take , I obviously mean book . Ca n't wait to this terrific trip . Wizard Excellent ! The booking been completed , and confirmation email will be sent your way shortly . Thank you for choosing us , we hope you again soon User : I need your help , I 'm on the edge of a burn out and if I do n't get some vacation time I 'm going to end up in a ! Wizard : I can you find ! Can you please give me some details about what you are for like dates budget , departure and destination ? : I do n't have a budget , I will grab best deal . I had to fight with my boss for some time and he finally gave me from Friday the second to Tuesday thirteenth off so HAS to be somewhere in those dates . I live in pittsborgh and I was thinking La Paz interesting that way I could practice my espanol . Wizard : Unfortunately there are no packages in La Paz available between those dates , did you anywhere else in mind ? User : Mexico City please Wizard : best deal I have you is a week long stay at Sublime Echo , a star by the beach . The total price would be 743.74USD . User can you please provide me with flight details - dates and times . I hope this is in economy , I want nothing to with business ! Wizard These flights are in economy ! Pittsburgh to Mexico City taking off at 10:00 am - Wednesday , September 7th 2016 and landing at 12:47 pm with the return flight taking off at 4:00 am - Tuesday , September 13th 2016 and landing 6:47 am User : that 's cutting close returning on the 13th but I guess that 's what my package include ? Wizard : Sublime Echo offers its guests complimentary wifi and parking . User : how about a nice Mexican breakfast ? Wizard I afraid that 's not included in the price . User : okay well it 's still a deal , please go ahead and book ... a week from this hell hole will do wonders for me ! Wizard : Great ! I 'll go ahead and book it for you . User : you you lifesaver ! Wizard My pleasure , glad to be of help ! User : im trying to get to flavourtown aka seattle . have 4 lawyers coming with me Wizard : You want to go to Seattle ? Would you like me to search for flights this location ? User : ya duh dude 5 adults and my one is coming too Wizard : Perfect , from which city would you be looking to depart from ? User : Sanantososos Wizard : Unfortunately , we do have that as a . Did you mean `` Santos by any chance User : yea oops typo Wizard : Excellent ! Do you have any departure and return dates in mind ? User : no i just need to there and eat a really good donut and bring my lawyers to sue the idiot made it Wizard : have a trip for five adults departing on August 28 , returning September 7 . would be staying at the Fairyland hotel , a venerable hotel a park , museum , and comes with complimentary wifi and parking , with a total trip cost of 11513.68US . Should I this trip for you ? User : i need hear about more details . i need options . Wizard : Great , I have booked this and will be a confirmation email you shortly ! Would you like to book another trip with us today ? User : I want to go to Sapporo Wizard : From where ? User Santo Domingo Wizard : On which ? User August 23 to 26 Wizard : Hi , how can I help you today ? User : want go to Sapporo from Santo Domingo from August 23 to 26 Wizard : What is your budget ? User : 3000 for 1 adult Wizard : Sorry , I do n't have any results User : That unfortunate .... oh well . Thank you anyway ! Wizard : Thank ! User : Hello . I just gon na be honest with you , here 's my dilemma ... I take pictures people for a living of famous people . The more famous the more moolah I make . Madonna is having a in Melbourne on August 24th and her new boyfriend Justin Bieber will be with her . Ya , that a gross but that 's the rumour . Can you me there from Busan ? ? I need to on 23rd . Wizard : I 'm sorry we do not currently have any flights between Busan and Melbourne . User : What ? ! ? ! Any flights to Melbourne from any other destinations ? Wizard : I ca n't help you there . Are there any other cities you are considering leaving from User : I could try to leave from Birmingham Wizard I afraid we do n't have flights connecting Birmingham and Melbourne either . : I will find another to get there then , thank you anyways Wizard : I 'm sorry I could n't of more help to you . User : Hello , I represent a group of people who want to get out of Munich . our group comprises 4 adults and 6 Wizard : Wonderful ! Just to confirm you will be be booking for 4 adults and 6 children ? User : I forgot that there is a adult travelling with our group Wizard : Wonderful ! Just to confirm , you be booking for 5 adults 6 children ? User : If you want to know , our budget for trip is 33900 Wizard : Excellent , what is the destination that seek ? User : Our not care where it travels Wizard : I am pleased to extend to you an opportunity to indulge in 13 days at the exquisite Elephant Hotel in Punta Cana . The hotel is rated 3.5 stars , and 8.69/10 by its guests , thanks to its close proximity to both the cathedral and the palace . As an added bonus , free wifi and parking included The trip costs 30025.62USD would like to book ? User : There is n't anything else can afford with money ? Wizard : Alternatively , I have located a once-in-a-lifetime 8 day vacation to exotic Kochi ! will live at breathtaking Hotel Grandiose Rose , a 3.5 star establishment in the heart of the city , near a park . Free parking is provided , the trip comes to 30229.54USD . Would you like me to book this instead ? User : could I not afford any trips for less than 33900 ? Wizard : how days in gorgeous Ulsan ! Live like royalty at The Sapphire Time , a 5-star flagship situated near local , malls , and . Taking the sights is made all the more convenient by provision of free wifi and parking - guests given this hotel a rating 8.98/10 ! User : sounds beautiful ! ! ! ! what are dates Wizard : The trip dates to Ulsan are from September 2 to September 6 . User : What about the dates for KOCHI : The trip dates Kochi are from September 6 to September 12 : ok what are the for Punta Cana Wizard : The trip dates to Punta Cana are from August 27 to September 8 . User How much of my money would I have to spend to Ulsan ? Wizard : The cost for the Ulsan trip comes to 30332.12USD User : Please please book this terrific trip Wizard : Booking completed , email confirmation sent ! Bon voyage ! User : Thank you . User : I 'm so happy my is finally letting me plan the family vacation ! We saved all of our loonies twonies this year and we have a whole $ to spend ! Now , I to impress her getting the best possible information all of our options . I think would be a great place to take the ! Wizard : I 'd be happy to look that for you ! From where are you leaving ? User live in Goiania Wizard : And how kids do you have ? : We 5 beautiful children 2 girls and 3 boys . Their are Sansa , Arya , Robb , Brandon Rickon . Wizard : I 'll also need the dates you available . Then 'll be able to start you with some options ! User : We leave from August 30th to September 6th , winter sets in Wizard : For those , I have one package which a day at the Gentle Tower Resort . Its a four star hotel to beach and the airport and it has user reviews . Is that a enough stay for you ? User : We would prefer something longer .... winter is coming . How about south to Baltimore What do you have available there on dates I gave you ? Wizard : packages we have to Baltimore do not fit in your budget . Did you have any other destinations in mind ? User well how much is it ? Wizard : The cheaper one is over 17000 User : We 've heard Hamburg is really kid friendly ! Wizard : I have something for in Hamburg ! offer you a 7 day holiday at Hotel Peter . You would be staying in the heart of and close to a museum The package includes free breakfast , and parking and you could fly in business and still be within your budget . User : How much is that one ? Is that on business class too ? Wizard : The one in Hamburg is 4963.89USD in business and 3722.99USD if you prefer to fly economy . The Gentle Tower package is 4407.43USD and is only available with economy flights . User : What for Hambuurg ? Wizard : stay there would from August 31st to September 5th . User : And Belem ? : That one is from September 2nd to the 5th . User : Well we would not fly business class with all those kids , definitely economy whatever we choose You said Gentle Tower is on the beach , is Hamburg also on the beach ? Wizard : No , the Hamburg is heart of the city and close to museum . User : How many stars is the hotel Peter rated Wizard : It is a 3 star hotel . User : Look , I 've got to get myself of Santiago My friend and I would like to try and see Denver We a 5 hotel , too . Can you get us a trip that ends August 31st ? Wizard : I am sorry , I n't have anything that is close to a Five star hotel . User : what if I go to Fukuoka instead ? Wizard : have 3.5 hotels User : no that wont . I will give up on , goodbye . User : Hey I have an internship abroad I need to check some things out I ’ m leaving Kochi September 8 at the earliest .. What ’ s available in Naples ? Wizard : Will you be traveling alone ? User : Wizard : I a flight leaving Kochi on September 8 and on September 11 - would this work for you ? User : Um no , I ’ not taking a 3 day internship .. What ’ available in Ciudad Juarez Wizard : a flight leaving on September 8 and returning on September 14 , how does that sound to you ? User : ... What are the each of these ? Wizard : The price for the Kochi Ciudad Juarez flight is 2000.61USD . You would staying at the 3.5 star Hotel Holiday , located near the palace ! User : if went to… . Pittsburgh unamused : ? Wizard : I have flight leaving Kochi on September 8 and returning on 18 , would you like to learn more ? User : Yes . Details . Wizard : You would staying at the Olive Bazaar & Suites , located near the airport , , and museum . Amenities include free breakfast , free wifi , and free parking , and have given this hotel a 8.22/10 rating . The total cost of this is 3244.66USD . User : Ok that ’ s what guests gave it but what ’ s its actual rating ? Wizard : The Olive Bazaar Inn & Suites boasts a 2.5 star rating User : Ok , I ’ ll stay at the Ciudad Juarez . Excellent ! I have completed your booking for you . Have a wonderful trip ! User : I heard Madonna and her friend were going to Santa Cruz . I need to go there and to get a dope picture for People Magazine so I can get rich quick . Wizard : ok , is your budget ? User : 2000 Wizard : Which days would you like go ? User : i want to leave today Wizard : Which days would you like to return ? User : it doesnt matter Wizard : How many will you be ? User : just me Wizard : Where are you leaving from ? User : Lima : Sorry , do n't have any results for that User : If i increase my budget by 1000 are there any ? : Sorry , I do n't have anything User : hi . i need a vacation . im in berlin wondering about trips to milan Wizard : can help you book vacation ! What dates did you have in mind ? User : from berlin to milan . what available Wizard : I have a 13 day trip departing on August 26 , returning on September 7 . Would you like to hear more about this option ? User : yes , I . paint me a picture with your words Wizard : With pleasure . For paltry 646.37USD , you can let loose amidst the luxuries of the star Pink Star Hotel , whose guests have given a 8.37/10 rating . You will be within easy walking distance of the heart of the city , with museums the cathedral on offer . The award-winning continental breakfast and state-of-the-art wifi are also provided for our guests , free of charge . User : what if went to san juan ? what would the be like ? : like to hear more about our day package from September 6 to 14th ? User : yes , yes . indulge me Wizard You would be staying at the exclusive Supreme Seaside Inn & , a 2.5 star hotel near the park and mall . For only 1657.59USD you will have full amenities such as free and wifi . like me to book this package you ? User : less of a marvel but lovely its own what if I splurged and went all the way to ? what kind of trip could I have ? Wizard : We have a trip available for 14 days , 29 to September 11 Would you be interested in more about this option ? User : yes please tell me more Wizard : The trip be at the delightful Mellow Palms Resort , which is rated 4.5 stars and 8.86/10 by its guests . For only 810.54USD , you will be able to enjoy free breakfast and free wifi . Should I book this trip for you ? User : sounds a great hotel ! User : My brother and recently divorced our spouses and we want to take our 7 children away from all the drama for a bit . Do you have a fun package destination after August 31st ? Something like the Atlantis ? Wizard : I can help you find something Can you please me with your departure city and your budget ? User : We live in Lima and we have a total of $ 9500 Wizard : I have a of options for you . To narrow down , are you looking for something close the beach or in the city ? And did you have a vacation length in mind ? User : We to be back by September 7 so about a week ? We live near the beach so it would be fun to visit some museums somewhere make it learning experience for Wizard : Sure ! I do n't have any holiday packages Atlantis , but I can offer you a 7 day holiday in Chicago . Galaxy Temple is a 2.5 star hotel located close to a park and a museum . How does that ? User : How much is that ? Wizard : It would cost 6326.16USD , so well within your budget . User : do you have 4 or more available ? the kids would love ! : The fanciest hotel I can offer you your budget and date is the 3.5 star Sunrise Elephant in Punta Cana . It is not close to a museum , but there is a cathedral and a palace You would be staying for days between September 2nd and 7th . User : what if we stayed until the 12th increased our budget by $ What could you do for us ? Forget the museum , I do n't know what I was thinking , the kids will bored . Back to the Atlantis idea , near a beach ? Wizard : I still do n't have flights to Atlantis on those dates but how about this could send you to Exalted Willow Resort & Suites for 8 days . This is a star hotel in Mexico and its close to the beach shopping a mall . It really great reviews User : I heard of that place ! I used to be a travel and I actually sent someone there myself , not sure why I did think about it ! is this below our budget ? Wizard : The total come out to 7701.59USD . User : and what are the dates ? Wizard : to 8th . User : this looks like the perfect place away thanks for your help ! Wizard My ! I 'll book it for you and you receive a confirmation shortly . User : gracias ! User : looking at tijuana and i likely be leaving from ciudad juarez asap Wizard Hello ! Which city would you like to go to User : check out tijuana Wizard : Wonderful , do you have any in mind ? User : have back in ciudad juarez for sept sixth Wizard : Would you like to leave as soon as possible User : that not what asap means… . Wizard : Certainly . How many adults and children are you traveling with ? : no children , . 2 adults Wizard : I have a trip leaving 23 and returning September 3 , would you be interested in hearing more ? : potentially yes , the details Wizard : You will be staying the Hotel Perfection , rated an by its guests The hotel is near the , and is stacked with amenities such as free wifi , , and parking . cost of the trip comes to 2224.91USD - would you like to confirm booking ? User 6.77 rating is far from ideal , honey . in baltimore if you need to Wizard : No problem ! In Baltimore , we have a trip package from August 27 to September 3 the Countryside Inn , which has an exceptional 8.69/10 rating from its guests . The trip costs 1761.65USD , and provides free breakfast , wifi , and parking . Would interested in booking this trip ? User : 8.69 is somewhat more but really need the best . if I left from Santiago could you find me a 10 star Wizard : 8.69 is the rated hotel in Baltimore . Would you like me to try alternate User : tijuana : highest rated hotel in Tijuana is 7.15 . Would you like to hear more about this option User : absolutely not . book me the trip to baltimore Wizard : Certainly ! Thank you for your business , we you a wonderful trip : slightly_smiling_face : User : they going to punta cana ? in mexico city i to there Wizard : Would me to book trip for you from Mexico City to Punta Cana ? User : yes thats what i said Wizard : Excellent , did you have any dates in mind ? User : can leave on august 30th Wizard : , will you be traveling alone ? User : yes . and keep it under grand Wizard : We have a trip departing on August 30th and returning on September . You will be staying at the charming La Estrella del Mar hotel , situated near palace . The trip costs a total of 270.32USD . Would you like to this booking ? User : well whats the hotel rating ? it better be good Wizard : Of course ! I am pleased to tell you the 0 , and has a 0/10 . User : gross theres no way im gon na score any candid pics there .. what else Wizard : I have one other hotel in Punta Cana , but not for the departure date you listed . Would still be interested in option ? User : fine yeah look into it Wizard : We have a trip departing on September 7 and returning on September 11 . You will be staying at the noble el Mar , a 2.5 star hotel located the beach trip costs 219.55USD - does this sound good to you ? User : 2.5 stars are kidding me . I need something diva-worthy what i up it 2g 's Wizard : I do not understand , sorry . User : 2000 budget check it Wizard : you like to explore alternate destinations ? User : no I need to check Punta Cana Wizard : Would you like to choose alternate date ? User : fine Wizard We have a trip departing on September 10 and returning on September 15 . You will be staying the noble el Mar a star hotel located on the beach . The trip costs 270.28USD - this good to you ? User : i 2.5 wasnt good enough User : Hello , I the happiest man on earth ! I 4 beautiful a beautiful wife , great life and on top of it all my beautiful wife has now let me look after we hope will be a beautiful vacation I have $ 8600 , let 's look some possible fun trips for me , plus beautiful wife , my beautiful family . Wizard I would be happy to help you with that ! Where will you be departing from and do you have any destinations in mind ? User : We live in beautiful Frankfurt ! I do n't know , I was asked to look into Munich . Wizard : I have a luxury package to offer you A six day stay at the Bluff , a 5 star close to a . You could even fly there in business class for 1752.90USD and still be your budget . The dates of this package are from September 6th to 11th Do those work for you ? User : We were hoping for a longer vacation ! That one sounds and luxurious but let 's check out beautiful Paris ? Wizard : The longest package I Paris is 9 day holiday at the 4 star Autumn Treasure Hotel . Would you like more details about this option ? : yes absolutely Wizard : Ok so complimentary breakfast wifi are in the price of 2698.30USD . The package would be 3171.76USD if you preferred to fly in business . The dates of stay would be from August 31st to 8th . User : That one sounds good . I need to look at your packages in Belem , see if there is anything on the beach . : I options for . The is an 11 day holiday at the Zion Hotel . It is a 4.5 star hotel by the . The price includes free breakfast wifi and . The dates this package are from August 2nd and it would cost you 5530.24USD . User That a bit too soon for us Wizard : What dates would you ? User : We can only travel during beautiful 1st to the 14th Wizard : Then I can offer you a stay at the same hotel from September 8th to the 14th . 8 day package would cost you in economy . User : I kinda like this myself ! There no way I can book without wifey 's approval . I will let her know about all fantastic packages have available and we will call you back to confirm . Thank you for all your help , life is beautiful ! Wizard : Glad to be of ! I look forward to hearing from you soon . User : +1 : User : august 25-september 3 Wizard : Hi , how can help you today ? User : san diego santo Wizard : Certainly , many adults and children will be on this trip ? User : just me Wizard : Unfortunately , we do have a trip fitting your exact description However , we do have from Diego to Domingo from August 25 to September . Would this still be of interest to you ? User . go to la paz instead Wizard : Unfortunately , we do not have a trip fitting your description . However , we do have a trip from San Diego to La Paz , August to August 29 . Would this still be of interest to you ? : maybe , give me what got for fukuoka to la paz Wizard : Unfortunately , we do not trip fitting your exact description . However , do have a trip from Fukuoka to La Paz , from August 25 to August 28 . Would this still be of interest to you ? User : to santo domingo Wizard : Unfortunately , we do not have a trip fitting your exact description . However , we have a trip Fukuoka Santo Domingo from August 25 to 1 . Would you like to learn more about this opportunity User : maybe . ok dates flexible . san diego to santo domingo- what Wizard : - the aforementioned San Diego to Santo Domingo trip will have you staying at the majestic The Sierra Hotel , a 3 star hotel near the beach and shopping . Would like to book this ? User : same hotel if i leave from fukuoka ? Wizard : That is correct . User book it for 5. we ’ ll leave from diego Wizard : , would this be for only ? User : Wizard : I booked you 9 days at the Rose in Santo . are sending over invoice the total cost of package , which to 5143.4USD . hope you have an trip ! User : great thanks User : Hello ! I live in and i must go for a internship to 1 of 3 places . I need to shop around a little as i have very little money . can you aid me with this Wizard : Sure ! Do you mean puebla ? User : yes , but i want to go to Seoul Wizard : Do you need to be for specific dates ? User : 30 to sept 12 Wizard : I 'm sorry , we do not have flights Seoul on those dates . What other cities are you considering User : Chicago do u have something there Wizard : The best option I can offer leaves August 31st . Are dates flexible at ? User : August 31 is fine i can leave later : Great ! Then you could stay at the Sierra Inn & Suites from August 31st to September 17th . It is only a 2 star hotel , but it would only cost you 413.32USD : Sounds but any way can come back before 17 Wizard : Yes , I another at the same hotel August 31st to 12th . This one would cost you 427.42USD . User : there wifi at this hotel i will need that for my project : Yes ! There is free wifi , breakfast and parking . User : i like package much must check for packages in north vancouver too Wizard : currently do not have flights to North Vancouver on the dates that you . User : so i guess iw ill go with best deal Sierra Inn from Aug 31 Sept 12 . I travel alone- you if it is safe neighbourhood ? Wizard : I 'm afraid I do not have that information . All I can you is that it is close to a and to the airport . User : what is guest rating Wizard : 7.06/10 User : that seem good i will book Gracias ! Wizard : No problem ! I 'll send you a once booking is complete . User : hello i am booking from buenos aires to tokyo Wizard : Hello : slightly_smiling_face : I can help with that ! Did you dates in mind ? User : yes - august 27 until september 9th Wizard : Unfortunately , do a package matching the exact you provided . Are you flexible with your schedule ? User : i need the exact dates but within that date , sorry I clarified Wizard : No need to be sorry , boss . you be interested in a trip from September 2 to 7 ? User : yes sure , that ’ d work . whats the hotel like Wizard : Excellent ! The hotel is the Bonzai Hotel , a 3-star hotel museums and shopping . Guests have rated 6.77/10 and amenities include free wifi and spa . How many would be booking for ? User : i also wan na check out buenos aires to salvador Wizard : For sure , would this trip in the same date range as one you provided previously ? User : yes Wizard : We have a trip from August 27 to September 1 , taking you to , a 3.5 star adults only hotel near the museum palace , and theatre . of interest to you ? User : ok not bad . what if i left from toluca Wizard I would be to book you from August 29 to 6 , also at the Water Motel . you prefer this option User : interesting . i will consider it Wizard Wonderful , how many people would you like to for ? User : but i also consider to tokyo Wizard : I have an available trip from to Tokyo from August 27 to September . Would you like to learn more this trip ? User : ok tell me more Wizard : would be staying at the Lunar Island Resort , 3 star hotel putting you museum and shopping . The hotel comes with free wifi and spa and guests have lavished a 6.91/10 rating upon it . Would you be interested in booking this hotel ? User is that the same hotel if left from buenos aires ? Wizard : It would be different hotel . Would this be okay ? User : well i would to compare the two Wizard : Certainly , what would you like to know ? : have a side by side comparison . rating , amenities , location Wizard I 'm sorry , I do not understand . User : tell me all qualities of each hotel . compare them for me Wizard : Lunar Island Resort is a 3 star hotel putting you near museum and shopping . The hotel with free wifi and a spa , and comes with a 6.91/10 guest rating User nah . whats available in . how many different hotels Wizard : Would you be looking to depart from Buenos Aires ? User : sure Wizard : I have one hotel in Salvador : the Water Motel , a 3.5 star adults-only hotel near the museum , palace , and theatre . Would you interested in booking this hotel ? User : what i left from toluca Wizard : have located one in Salvador the Water Motel a 3.5 star hotel near the museum palace , and theatre . Would you be interested in this hotel ? User : is that from toluca : The aforementioned hotel is for trips departing from . User : ok. book the hotel in fukuoka Wizard : Wonderful , how many adults and children you to for ? User : 2 adults Wizard : The trip will cost 8020.11USD , thank you for your business ! We hope you a wonderful trip User : thanks User : I want go to to Ulsan I am bringing 11 adults and 14 children and i will spend at most , 3100 . Wizard : Hi , dont have anything at that price range User : I guess I can increase my budget by 1000 Wizard : Sorry , I dont have anythnig User : My wife I just had our second baby and would like to take a with our 2 . We are looking for child-friendly resort , in Queenstown . Wizard : Sure I help you with that ! Where you be leaving from ? And do have any in mind ? : We from Campinas . We can depart on 27 but must return on September 17 Wizard : have no trips to Queenstown that return on September 17th . you have any other destinations in mind ? User : you have anything that returns before Sept Wizard Yes I have several that return before he 17th . What is ? That would help down the options . User : We have $ 4000 to spend . Wizard I star hotel packages to offer you . Both are 8 days long , include the same amenities and are in your budget . The first is from September . second is from August 30th to September 5th . of these sets of dates work better you ? User Can I have the names those hotels please ? Wizard Yes of : The first one is the Illustrious Pool Hotel and the second is Orb User : both of those seem like they work well for use , what do have within those dates available in San ? Wizard : I have both 9 and 13 day packages . How long of holiday were you hoping to ? User : a 9 day with kids seems like long enough ! Wizard : Fair enough ! We have a stay at the Supreme Seaside Inn & , a 2.5 star hotel which would cost you 3099.11USD or a stay Fairyland a 4 hotel which come out to 3572.48USD . User : the dates for these ? Wizard : The first one is from 6th to 13th and the other one is from September 8th to 13th . User : One more destination promise . My wife wants me to make absolutely sure that I get ALL the information . you have anything in Porto ? : I do not have any trips Porto . Do you mean Porto Alegre ? User yes Porto Alegre . Out of the 4 resorts you suggested in Queenstown and San , are of them on the ? Wizard : resorts are not on the beach User : do any of include breakfast ? It 's always nice to eat breakfast the hotel ! Wizard : Supreme Seaside Inn & Suites , Pool Hotel and Silver Orb serve a complimentary to their guests User well they within our budget ! Once I speak to my wife I will get back you to book ! Wizard : ! See later ! User : Hi can help me by exploring to travel from Paris to San Jose . Wizard : Absolutely ! What date were you planning to leave and ? User : I ’ m looking to ~book~ 2 adults and one child . Doesn ’ t , but I ’ d like to spend around 2 weeks there . Wizard : Great , have a trip from August 25 to September 9 , from Paris to San Jose will be staying at Snowy Nugget Inn , a charismatic 2.5 star hotel with a 9.16/10 guest rating . The trip will cost 5664.72USD in all would you like for to go ahead book for you ? User Tijuana is another possible destination . What ’ ve you got there ? Wizard : I 've got a package to Tijuana from September to 13 at the Resort Covert , a 3 star hotel with a 7.15/10 guest rating . The trip cost 6085.91USD - would you like confirm this booking ? User : is the hotel within the city ? Close to any ? Wizard : The Jade Covert is located near shopping , and a bevy of amenities including free breakfast , free wifi , and free parking . Does this trip sound good to you ? User : What about snowy Nugget Inn ? Wizard : Snowy Nugget Inn is situated near a park and a museum , and offers free breakfast free wifi , free parking . Would you like to book here instead ? : Ok , that sounds more appropriate . Yes , please book the hotel in San Jose . : Its booked ! We hope you have truly magnificent trip ! : Thanks User : I to go to Monterrey from Tofino Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : no I am flexible with the price but I would like it it could be around 3300 for adults Wizard : I am sorry , but I do n't have any for that User : I could increase my budget by 200 . Wizard : Hi , so after checking , found that we do have something to Long Beach : No , that wont . hmm i guess i 'll to go somewhere else . that . Thanks for the help anyway . Wizard : Goodbye User : toronto to calgary september to september 13 2600 or less Wizard : Unfortunately , we do not have any listings for the dates you have listed Would you be open to changing the dates ? User : no User : . Looking to get the family out of Montreal a bit : Great idea Where would you like go ? User : Not sure , something within budget of 8500 . Wizard : Definitely . Can I ask how many adults and children will be going on this trip ? User : 3 adults and children . Wizard : I can book you for 6 days for a trip to Lima . Would this be interesting to you ? : If its within our budget , then yes . What dates Wizard : It most is ! You would leave on August 27 and return 1 . The trip will cost 8146.92USD in total . User : Fantastic . Let ’ s book ! Wizard : Done ! We hope you enjoy your trip : slightly_smiling_face : User : Hi I need to to Kabul on August 23rd Wizard : Where are flying from User oh I 'm sorry I meant to say I want leave from Kabul , not to Kabul ! Wizard : And where are you going ? User : to . Wizard : We have no flight between Kabul and Dublin . User : how about if leave from Beijing ? : We have no flights between Beijing and Dublin either . User : okay how about from Beijing to pittsborgh for 8 of us ? Wizard : 8 adults ? User yes Wizard : We do n't have packages to you for so many people between those cities . User : for less people only ? Wizard : Actually appears that we do flights between Beijing pittsborgh at all . User : okay thanks Wizard : Anything else I can you with ? User : no thank Wizard : Have a nice day ! User : You can help by finding me a vacation from Munich to San Juan between August 27 and September 3 . Wizard The only flight we have available is for August to September 2 . Would this work for you ? User : Yes , it would Can I hear more information about the Wizard : Absolutely ! You staying at Brass Tower Inn a 2.5 star close to famous market . Guests have rated this 7.06/10 , and it provides amenities as and free wifi . How many and are you looking to book for ? User : Great . Book for one adult . Wizard : Done . The will 3030.88USD . voyage , friend ! : : slightly_smiling_face : User : i am leaving essen i have a budget of 3200 Wizard : Sounds . What would you be interested in ? : portland first ALSO my schedule permits me only between aug 23-26 Wizard : Unfortunately , we do not have flights Essen and Portland Would you care to ? User : check bh Wizard I 'm sorry we no flights to the destination `` bh `` . Would you like to try another destination ? User : dont have any flights to yeah i find that freakin hard to believe Wizard : I 'm sorry , am trying my best to provide you the best possible travel experience . Would you like to look up another destination User : Hi I need to go to BA Wizard : I can look into that for you . What is your city of origin ? User : I am presently in North . Would like to leave around Sept 2 and come around Sept 15 Wizard : I have 10 , 13 16 day available those dates . Which length would you prefer ? User : sounds good long as I am back by the 15th Wizard : I can offer you a package from September 7th to the 15th You would stay at the Olive Hotel a 4 star hotel in the heart of Buenos Aires . The costs 2488.15USD and I could upgrade you to class flights your budget it . User This package sounds perfect . you tell what it 's located close to and whether it has free wifi ? Wizard : is close to a park and not only does it have free wifi , it also includes free breakfast and parking . Would you me to book it ? User : yes that was quick , thank you ! Wizard : Great ! 'm glad we found what you needed . User : I ’ m dreamin , of a getaway the the Veg . I live in Busan Wizard I can tell you an exciting vacation from Busan to Hiroshima if you would be so User : Las Vegas from Busan Wizard : Excellent , we some flights you from Busan to Las Vegas . Would a trip from September 1 to 8 for you ? : I mean , sure .. ’ s it look like ? Wizard You would be staying at the fabled Retro Inn , a star hotel near the airport , park , and mall . Does this sound good to you ? User : Sounds beautiful . But about I went to Tampa ? Wizard : I 've got what you 're looking for ! How does a trip to Tampa from August 27 to September 8 sound ? User : What ’ s the hotel like ? Equally mythical ? Wizard : Fortunately , I am pleased to inform you the in question the 3 Dual Loch Hotel , located airport , museum , park , and beach . Does this sound good to you ? User Neat ! What about if I go to Hamburg ? Wizard : could book a trip Hamburg from August to September 7 . Would you be interested in learning more ? User : I would indeed Wizard : You be staying at the Hotel Peter , a 3 star located near the heart of the city and its . The stay comes with free breakfast , wifi , and parking . Would you like to confirm this booking ? User : Sounds lovely . No thanks , I don ’ want book right now . would the Hotel Peter package cost Wizard : Well , that depends . How many adults and will be traveling on this trip ? User : Just . Adult . Wizard : In that case , the package will cost 1461.11USD User Wow ! How much would the trip to cost ? Wizard : one adult , trip to Tampa would cost 4030.84USD . User : Hmm , also my reach . And for Las Vegas ? Wizard : The trip to Las Vegas would cost you 2983.7USD User : . I thank you for your time User : I have 8 days for vacation starting on september 6 from dallas What can you offer me ? Wizard : have many options for you Do you have a in ? User : No i 'd just like to explore my options Wizard : Ok ! Can you also please confirm with me by which day you need to back ? : i dont care what day i get back Wizard : visiting Recofe in Brazil for 7 days ? You would be staying at 4 star The Glee which has free breakfast and wifi for guests . User : When is the flight ? Wizard You would leave 8th and come back 14th User : I need to be back the 13th . Wizard : Then I can offer you a package to Madrid Spain that leaves September 8th and returns 13th . The 5 star hotel is close to a museum cathedral and palace the holiday would cost 2070.89USD . User : this sounds ideal . yes i quite like this .... Go ahead and book it for me slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : Perfect , i 'm on it ! You should receive confirmation the hour . Enjoy your User : Thank you i 'll be back again to use your help ! User : spring gurl whats up yaassss Wizard : Hello , how can I help you today User : so we r off aug 27 until 9/11 4 flights please from san francisco to baltimore : We have a trip from San to Baltimore prepared , from August 30 to September 9 . Would you be in learning more ? User : Please , Tell me more about that Wizard : I , I do not understand the . : i ’ m answering YES to ur question dude ? ? ? ? YES tell me MORE : Excellent ! You be staying the Countryside Resort , 3 stars and with a 7.06/10 from its guests . Amenities include free breakfast , free wifi , and free parking . Does this sound good to you ? User : is it on the beach tho I apologize , for I can not confirm or deny this . User : San Francisco to Miami , please if ya like that Wizard : I can book you from August 30th to September 7th in Miami , where you will be staying the Triple hotel . hotel is 3 stars , and near the park and mall How many adults and children will be going on this trip ? User : soooo i know its not gon na b fun but boutchu hit me with the prices . We 'll be 4 grown ass women Wizard : The cost for 4 comes to a total of 2675.68USD . Would you like to confirm this booking ? User : ok whats the for baltimore tho Wizard The cost for 4 adults for Baltimore is 2054.15USD . Would you like to confirm this booking ? User : whats guests of that triple aegis in miami Wizard : The Triple Aegis enjoys a rating of 8.86/10 from its . User : what about free breaky in miami cause you know we gon na savage hung and not bout to out for some mcgriddles we get it in pajamas what sayin Wizard : I am sorry , I do not understand . User : agghhh . free breakfast in miami yes or no Wizard : Triple Aegis provides free breakfast . Would you like to confirm booking ? User beautiful omg yes lets do it : smile : : smile : : smile : : smile : Wizard : Done ! A confirmation will be sent you shortly . We hope you have a trip : smiley : User : boo i love it u an absolutely angel xo bless User : Madonna and need to get as far from the paparazzi as humanly possible . We want to go Paris and need to be back by 11th because I am the next day . Wizard : I have several to offer , do you have a budget mind ? User : NO ! of course not lol i 'm AF Wizard : In that case , the best package we have for you is a 13 day holiday at the Hotel Blueberry . It is 4 star hotel and you would be flying in business class . You would leave August 25th and to Tolucca on 5th . User : yes ! those dates are great ! I 'll book it ! I just really need to away from the paparazzi toms Wizard : Perfect ! It 's all yours , enjoy your vacation . User : Awe thank you ! you 're such a sweet robot lol . okay toodles : v : Wizard : a great evening ! User : Hi there , I 'm on vacation from Aug 30 to Sep 4 and I wanted to know where I can on my $ 4600 budget . I live in Dallas btw : Who would you going with User : I 'm just traveling alone Wizard : We have trips to Punta Cana for 885.7USD in economy class , 1184.24 USD in class . we have trips to City Mexico for 3070.91USD or 3557.3USD : Can you tell me more about the hotel in PUnta ? Wizard : It is a zero star hotel , but the one in Mexico is 4.1 star . We also have flights to Tijuana , Mexico , Paz Mexico in your budget at 3.6 and star hotels respectively User : 's to know , thanks .. Can you tell me about the star hotel ? Wizard : The package is at 4535.75USD , it is 4.0 star hotel but with a guest rating of 8.98 . Includes free wifi , and . User : Interesting , can you tell me if its near any attractions ? Wizard : I am sorry , that is the I have User : What are the dates for the trip to La Paz Wizard : It is from August 30th , to Saturday September 3rd . Departing at 7am and coming at 3:39 am . User : Thanks , can you tell the price ? Wizard it was 4535.75USD User : Ok cool , I 'll take . User : Hi ! I need to find a package that will allow me to get to an internship I been . There are several cities could go to and I have n't up my mind up yet , can you help me compare the ? Wizard : Absolutely . Where would you be departing from and cities would you like me to check for packages ? User : I live in Goiania and the first city I 'm considering Kobe . And it 's not internship I hoping to spend less than 2000 flights and accomodation Wizard : Do you have any particular dates you would like to on ? : Ok , I need be there from August 31st to September 12th . Wizard : you prefer to stay in Kobe for 4 days or 7 days ? User : I need to there for the entire duration of my internship Wizard Kobe , I have packages available well under budget , but the longest available a 7 day package either from Sept 1 to to Sept 7 or Sept 6 Sept 12 User : thanks , but that wo n't for me . I guess I can cross Kobe of my list How about Detroit ? Do you have anything there for the dates I gave you ? Wizard : The longest available package that is within your dates in Detroit is an eleven day package on Aug 31st and returning on Sept . is about as I get to your dates in Detroit . Would you like me to tell you more about this package ? User : That 's too bad ! I think its better if there for the entire span of dates they gave me . It would make a impression if I left a day earlier . How about Leon Wizard : For Leon , the longest package I have available is a nine package from August to Sept 8 . The package most suits your is package in Detroit . User : Alright , can you tell me more about the detroit then ? Wizard : I apologize but my search results not the correct . I do not have any flights available Detroit from Goiania User : Ok , well I guess I 'll look elsewhere , thanks anyways ! User I need to to Beijing so I can get a picture of Madonna and her popstar friend , Greg . Wizard : OK ! Would you like to travel to Atlanta instead ? User : No , they are n't going . I need to to from Mexico I need to leave yesterday . I have 2700 If I need to I can my budget by 1000 Wizard : I ’ m sorry but I have no flight packages to Beijing . How about Punta ? User : ew no . I need to go to Beijing Wizard : Would you like to go to Atlanta ? User : nope I want go Beijing Wizard : I ’ sorry but I not book a travel package to Beijing . How about Punta Cana ? User : , I guess I 'll have find another way get to Beijing ....... peace out User : must Vancouver from Tijuana . : Great ! How about Parallel Carnaval Bed & Breakfast ? 7 days for only $ ! User : Can check trips Essen ? I 'm very meticulous so I need lots of options . I also to from 30th . Wizard : ok , absolutely ! I have packages to Essen from August 31-September 7 or August 30-September you like to hear more this place ? User : Sure ! Tell me more Wizard : The first date range would find you staying at the Motel Ivory Safari , a 2.0 star hotel with free wifi and parking . Alternatively , from August 30-Sept 5 you could stay at the Relaxation Hotel , located near the city ’ s palace featuring free wifi , free breakfast , boasting a 3.0 star . User : are there any packages to Cleveland ? I 've been there and i might want to go again Wizard : Sure ! I have the Pleasant Court available Its three star hotel located near a park and a theatre with a guest rating of 8.98 User : not too shabby .... you have any packages to Milan ? Wizard : ! In I have packages from September 8th-12th or from the 1st-10th . User Can you tell me about one from the 1st to 10th please ? Wizard : ! The Mundo Hotel is a 4.0 star hotel with free wifi and breakfast included . The guest rating is 9.16 and the price for these dates would be $ 3500 USD . User : Sold I 'll take this package ! Wizard : Wonderful slightly_smiling_face : Consider it booked . your stay and thank you for booking User : you ! Wizard : My pleasure User : Get me a trip to Curitiba next Tuesday Wizard : Where are you leaving User : I 'm leaving from Essen Wizard : have a budget ? Would you be travelling alone or with accompaniment User : I do n't want to spend more than 3400 . Traveling Wizard : I have 10 days trips to Curitiba , leaving from Essen Tuesday at $ 15 days at . I also have 16 days trip at 2254.20USD , or 10 days trip at 2775.5USD User : Which one has the best hotel ? : are all hotels User : not . Can I get better hotel if spend up $ 4400 ? Wizard : I am sorry , those are only options we have available User : Which has the best user review then ? Wizard : Dual Basin Residence 15 days has user review of 8.22 . is at 2194.64USD User Okay fine I 'll take it User : Hi ! ! ! I really your help ! I 'm getting in a week and with everything going on I have n't had time to book a honeymoon trip yet Wizard : are here to help you with your request May I please have of departure destination ? User We live in Montreal ( JUST BOUGHT A HOUSE THERE ! ! haha so our budget is pretty tight right now ) . We were thinking of going to Cleveland but it would have to be for less than 1400 Wizard : What dates would you like to travel on and how long would like your package to be ? User : Our wedding August 31st so leaving September 2nd would perfect Any 8 day packages ? : Our earliest available is on Sept 6 and is a 10 day package . Does that work for you ? User : My wife would really to leave as early as possible after wedding ... How is it ? And many stars does hotel have ? Wizard : It the Pleasant Court Inn and it it actually also available for 5 and day packages , but the date out of is 6 . This is a 3 star hotel the park and theatre . any other destinations you would like me to check ? User : Are there any trips to Sydney that earlier ? My wife has always wanted to go visit and it would be a nice for her Wizard : To Calgary I have the Lunar Resort available . For under your budget , only have a departure date of Sept 18 available with on a 4 day package I also have it in a 7 day package with a departure date of Sept , it is over your budget at 1705.53USD . User : That way too late for us and we really ca n't go over budget : confused : Do you think my wife would mind if we only left September 6th ? Wizard : If you could depart Sept 7 , the Pleasant Court Inn Cleveland has a on a 7 day for only 476.70USD . : She really nervous about us spending too much so a sweet deal might make her happy . Plus then I can afford to take her to fancy restaurants and to theatre every night for a haha . What have previous thought this place Wizard It has guest rating of . This package includes free wifi , free parking and a free breakfast . is located near a park and the theatre for your entertainment . Would you like me to proceed with booking ? User Wow thats super high , please book for us , it would have been better to leave earlier but at this point might be the we can find Wizard would you like an upgrade to class flight ? That package is 532.10USD and departs on the same day . User : YES PLEASE ! for that price , I can treat my beautiful bride to that : I will take care of that booking for you . Thank you for booking ! User : Thank YOU ! ! User I need to go a vacation so 're gon na need to keep information on the down low . : Where are you looking to go ? User I want to to Leon from London and I 'm travelling with Madonna so we are gon need the best packages you have . We need to back by September 11th because I 'm performing the next day so make it happin cappin Wizard : Would you be interested in Palms Resort ? It is a 5.0 star hotel on the beach , located near the palace . User : That sounds fantastic ! .... Can you check for to Curitiba ? Wizard : I variety of 3.0 star hotels available in Curitiba and 3.5 star . Would be interested in more about these options ? User : no , but you tell a bit more about the Leon package Wizard : Absolutely ! Hotel Palms free wifi and the package would cost $ 3282.81 . You would leave London September first and return September seventh . User : That sounds absolutely positively perfect ! Can you book for ! Wizard : Certainly ! The price quoted is for two adults . I will go and that for you User : Thank you so much darling User : Yo dude . Wizard : Hi ! You are now connected . What can I help you with today ? User : i wan na out off lame city . I can leave for 13 days dawg . Got ta dip from Puebla . Wizard : OK ! Where would you like to go ? User : anywhere man . Wizard : Do you have a departure in mind ? I can send you to Tijuana for ten days if you leave August 30th . This would under 500 for and hotel ! User : only got 400 Wizard : The cheapest option in Tijuana , or any for that matter , would be 419.96USD User : well dang . how 'bout if I skedaddle from ? : Leaving from Montreal , you could spend days in Juan for only 175.89USD ! User : that 's dope ! I 'll take it . you 're pretty helpful Wizard : Glad to of service : slightly_smiling_face : User : there : slightly_smiling_face : I just managed get my boss to to a HUGE vacation time slot ! ! I am so excited to do some traveling . I 'm traveling from Hamburg and I have I 'm thinking of seeing ... Do have packages to Tijuana ? Wizard : Which days are you travelling and what would be your budget ? User : I 'm free to travel from August 30 to 20 . Budget is to be determined Wizard : We have 9 days trip at 2694.73 $ , or 13 days at 3051.45USD . The best rated hotels are 3.0 stars User : I just want to more about the hotels Tijuana first . Which package has the hotel rated 3 stars ? Wizard : We have Resort Jade Covert - 13 days , at 3051.45USD ( ECONOMY ) . or 9 days at 3422.61USD ( ECONOMY CLASS ) . The hotel 13 days in a BUSINESS fight is 3947.27USD User : Great , let me just ask you about Kingston also . Do have flights to Kingston Wizard : from ? User : also from Hamburg Wizard : yes , we have stays hotels at 2086.77 ( 3.5 stars , 8 days ) ,2048.14 ( 4 stars , 8 days ) , and 1951.44 , 3.5 star , 10 days or 1653.85 ( 4.3 stars , 8 ) User : awesome , thanks for the detailed response . Can check trips to Salvador ? Wizard : We have 3.5 star hotels , for 10 days at 3070.39 ( economy class ) or 10 days at 3971.30 ( Class ) User : Is hotel any attraction ? Wizard : It 's near the museum palace and theatre User : Now 'd also like check out trips to Miami Wizard : We have 3.5 star hotels at 3196.25USD economy class or 4098.82 business class , for days : Can you tell me about the amenities here Wizard : Majestic Island Inn & Suites - 10 , free wifi , free breakfast , free parking User : ok i just want to compare really quickly with the Resort Jade Tijuana . do you know its near anything interesting ? Wizard : it 's near a shopping center User : Can you the price if its for two adults and four kids ? Wizard : it ranges from 7146.39 to 13263.81 USD . User : what do get for 7146.39 ? Wizard : 3 star hotel , guest rating is 8.86 , free wifi , breakfast and . Triple Aegis - 11 days User : Deal . it User : I want to dream a better and pretend I have money and days left . Can you check packages from Queenstown to ? Wizard : What 's your budget ? User : yeah try 4000 , that all I have in my bank account anyway . Wizard : Ok ! could 11 days at Snooze Inn & Suites , located near the university with a 3.0 star rating and wifi , parking , and breakfast . Alternatively the 3.0 star Ribbon Inn would be available your price parameters for a stay of up to 16 days . The Retro Inn is located near park and university and features free wifi and with a breakfast included in . User : Any flights to Atlanta ? Wizard : I 've got 19 days on the beach , located near a park , the Summer Covert Club would cost only 2986.76USD with business class flights ! User : you 're wish I had n't spent my vacation days self-loathing and getting plastered . Are there trips to Fukuoka ? Wizard : Of course ! In Fukuoka you could have your pick of Apex Hotel , Oceanside Hotel , Historic Mansion Hotel , or the Hotel Sugoi for under 4000 dollars . All with free wifi . User : .... well i could travel at this time I would take the Atlanta trip but maybe next year .... Thanks for enlightening me today User : 1 adult , 5 kids Seattle Athens for 16700 , what are the options ? Wizard : your budget you can 16 days the Lunar Jewel Lodge at a cost of 13293.8USD User : Anything shorter ? Wizard : You go from August 25-September 5 , a total of 13 days , . User : anything around a week ? Wizard : Sorry , I only have longer duration trips available . User : ok , what is the shortest one then ? Wizard : 13 days User details for that one please Wizard : You stay at the 3 star Lunar Lodge , located near a , with free wifi and free parking from August 25-September 5 for a total 16364.56USD User no breakfast Wizard : No disappointed : User and those are your only options ? or 16 days at same place ? Wizard : Yes , sorry but I have only one hotel available . User : , ill book for 13 days , not ideal but i dont have much time to research it Ok ! Consider it booked User : thank you User : I am the of 5 darling children and my wife wants me to plan our family vacation ! She needs to approve before I make a final decision , I quite whipped ! Wizard : Can please confirm the number of adults and children for this trip ? User : 2 adults and 5 . : Perfect . Please confirm destination city and city of departure . : i want to go to Sydney from Punta Cana please Wizard : I have 6 and 9 day packages available in Sydney . Could you please confirm your dates travel ? User : I like to go between august 28th and september 13th if possible . Wizard : I Aug 30th departures for 6 package and Sept 5th departures for a 9 day package . Would you like pricing on either of these ? User : Can I see some packages for the 6 day option ? Wizard : On 6 day option , I have the Lunar Resort - days , departing on August 30th on September 4th at a grand total of 8766.73USD . Please note this is a 4 star rated hotel . User Well my budget is 17000 can afford it but I just want to see all of my so can the best vacation package my family Do you have any packages to Antonio ? Wizard : With that budget , you may also fly business class for 10932.99USD to Sydney . For San I only 9 day packages available at Winter Hill . This two star hotel would be a grand total of 3315.44USD if you flew on economy class is available from August 30th to September 7th . User : Hmmm package doesnt really interest me but can check one place for me ? I want to look into Busan please Wizard : A 6 day package in Busan would be at the 3 star rated Lethargy and would cost a grand total of 11787.21USD class . This package is also available on business class . There also 6 and 10 day trips available . : What about a 10 day package Wizard The 10 package to Busan be at the 3 star rated Smile Hotel -at a total cost 13976.80USD via an economy class flight . Travel dates from August 28 to September 5th User : after a lot consideration and discussing it with my wife , I think are most interested in the 5 star hotel package to for the 9 day package . Do you think you could just give me a little more information on this package before I make my final decision ? Wizard : It a 4 star hotel package . It includes wifi , parking and breakfast for entire family and is near the park . flight departs Punta Cana on September 5th returns September , The total on this package is 8766.73USD should choose economy class . The cost on this package should you choose business class is 10392.75USD . User : 4 stars is great . I really like the sounds of this package and so does the wife ! We will the business class package for the 9 day stay ! Wizard : Excellent I will book that package for you and email . Thank you for patronage and have a nice . User : Thank for your help today I 'm sure I will again ! User : Hi cousin is getting married I 'm looking for a place to stay in Milan from August 27th September 1st : slightly_smiling_face : leaving Cana Wizard : Great : slightly_smiling_face : Ok I have El Hotel available from August 27-31 . It ’ s a four star hotel the airport with free wifi and breakfast . User : could work ! How is it ? Wizard : User : Is that the price for people ? Wizard : Just one . Would you to know the price for two adults ? User : yes that would be great ! I 'm going with my Wizard : Ok : slightly_smiling_face : In that case I could book the two you for 4977.33USD : That 's a bit expensive ! Do you have any cheaper deals ? Wizard : I ’ m sorry , nothing available for two people at a lower price from Punta Cana : disappointed : User : What about if we left earlier ? Like the ? Wizard : I do have options available leaving on the however they are more expensive . : Ok , let me them Wizard : Let me when you are ready to book : slightly_smiling_face : User : husband did n't want to come anyways we ca n't afford to both go so I guess 'll book hotel for one person Wizard : Ok thing ! I will take care of that for you User : Thank you ! User : Finally get to take a vacation ! looking for trips leaving from Nagoya What do you have going to Rome ? Wizard : Let ’ s see what I can offer you ! When are you planning on your trip ? : Anytime between August 30th and the of September Wizard : In that case I offer you Secret Bay Sept 2-8 for $ 2628 . User : like cool hotel ! Is it ? Wizard : The hotel is not yet rated . User : ok how about I to Porto Alegre ? Wizard : Wait , I have a star hotel in Rome . Emerald Legacy offers wifi and breakfast , located near a cathedral , would cost just about 3000 dollars for an 8 days package . User : oh cool what was included in the other one ? Wizard : Secret Bay also features free wifi User : so where could I stay in Porto ? Wizard : 12 at the Breakwater in Porto would you . The hotel is 3.5 stars and features free and free breakfast ! User would Seattle be cheaper ? Wizard : 13 days at the Fairyland in Seattle would cost you 2759.69USD . : not bad I forgot to ask , is the Porto close anything interesting ? Wizard : Not that I can tell . User : how about the seattle one ? Wizard : It 's right in the heart of the city User : I 've also been dreaming of Kyoto Wizard : Nagoya , 7 days in Kyoto could you as low as 153.17USD User : including breakfast ? Wizard : Of course User : Which hotels have good user ? Wizard : Quiet Garden Resort in Kochi has 8.22/10 user review . That would cost 527 USD for a 7 days stay . available would be the Southern Palace Hotel with a user rating of 6.61 . 11 days at this cost you $ 539 . User : I meant among all the hotels you offered Wizard : The Fairyland has 0/10 , Breakwater has , Secret Bay has 0/10 , and Emerald Legacy has 8.22/10 . User : think it 's between Fairyland 8 and Breakwater Wizard : Ok . Pick one . User : How many stars does Fairyland have Wizard : 3.5 User : breakfast ? : smile : Wizard : No : disappointed : User : 'll go to Porto then ! The price difference is worth the price difference ! Wizard Awesome : slightly_smiling_face : it booked . Enjoy your ! User : Can you just confirm the dates with me ? Wizard : September 3-13 would be your dates at the Breakwater Hotel . : ! ya please it me ! Wizard : Ok : slightly_smiling_face Enjoy ! User : Thanks : smile : User : Santiago to Queenstown adults two children whats the earliest flight you can put me on Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : yes , 11300 Wizard : The earliest fight leaving from Santiago is August 30 , in economy class , at 5 star hotel for 6 days , for 10474.44USD User : Can you tell me about the amenities hotel . And are there longer possible stays Wizard : This hotel offers free wifi , free breakfast and near museum and airport . other option is Illustrious Pool Hotel , and leaves September 8th , has economy and class fights . This is 8664.67 or 10586.85 and is also 6 days . There are no longer stays for the budget you provided . User : I 'm willing to increase my budget to 12800 Can you check again Wizard : We Silver Orb Palace - 7 days , @ 11748.49USD User : Whats the rating for this hotel ? Wizard : 5 star hotel . It is the same as the one before User : DOPE book it User : Hi ! I 'd like to a trip Tel Aviv from Tijuana . I was wondering if there are any packages from 23rd 26th for $ 3400 for adults . My dates are also flexible . Wizard : I apologize but I do not have any flights available from Aviv to . Would like me to look packages at other destinations ? User : What if increase my budget by $ 300 ? Wizard : will not make a difference as do not fly from Tel Aviv to Tijuana . User : Oh okay . well thanks anyway . I might come back later i decide to go somewhere else . User : I have never travelled alone so I 'm going to very meticulous . I would like to go to Belem from Kobe . I 'm a student so i have a tight budget of 5700 Wizard : We do not provide from Belem to Kobe . Would you like me to other destinations ? User : Sure , can you check Wizard : Unfortunately , flights from Belem to Denver are not User : oh sorry , I should have been more clear , I was looking for flight Kobe to . Wizard : after a verification of Kobe to Belem and Kobe to Denver flights , please note that we not have those flights available either Would you like me verify any other flights ? User : Just one more from Kobe to Santos please Wizard : After further verification , I can that we do not fly out of Kobe . Are you able to another city ? User not . I 'll look somewhere else but thank you for checking : slightly_smiling_face : User : Hi ... this is my first time traveling and I 'm so excited ! I 've in Boston all my life and want see the world Wizard : Congratulations what is your budget ? User I have 1900 budget and 13 days Wizard : What date would you like to leave ? User : I 'm flexible , some time soon I hope ! Wizard it just for yourself ? User : Yes just me myself and I : you can go to Punta Cana , Fort Lauderdale , Phoenix , Miami , Burlington , all for between about 450USD and 550USD between 6 and 13 days User : You a lifesaver destination has the highest rated hotel ? Wizard : Miami and Phoenix have 3 star hotels User : Do they both have same amount of amenities ? : Yes about the same . Here are the The Recreation Inn - 7 days , Phoenix , United States , hotel , museum , university Total price : 550.61USD Triple Aegis - 8 days , Miami , United , park , mall Total price : 534.37USD User : Okay cool . Which destination can I stay for the longest time at ? Wizard : Fort Lauderdale , 13 , star hotel . for 553.0USD : Okay does this hotel at least have a decent rating ? Wizard : yes 6.51 User : Ok I leaning towards this one but just to help me decide , can tell me if this hotel is near any attractions has any ? Wizard : it is near a market and has free wifi , breakfast parking . User : Ok great I think I book this one Wizard : I will send an confirmation email to you . Thanks User : ! : I 'd like to find a vacation from Kabul to Santiago I dont care when i go and it 's just me traveling : Hello User : Hey Wizard : apologize , we do not fly out of Kabul User : Is there anything from Kabul to Philadelphia ? can budget by $ 400 . : I apologize , we do not fly out of Kabul , do you have any other departure city ? : no i dont ... thats okay tho , I 'll come back another time . Thanks User : I have days for vacation this year ! I only have $ 400 spend tho . I leave from Santiago . What kind of packages are ? Wizard : It your lucky day ! I have the Hotel Oro available for 8 days in Vitoria Spain for $ 323.50USD User : Thats perfect Can you give me more about this package ? Wizard : is only that price from 27 to September 3rd . This specially priced package includes free wifi , and breakfast and is located in the heart of the city . It a rating of 3 stars User : That sounds great : : i 'd like to book this right away please Wizard I will proceed with your . Enjoy your vacation . User : Thanks ! User : Good afternoon ! I like to inquire about options between several cities . need to be between 8th and 17th . The first option would be between Stuttgart and . Wizard : I have the 3 star Resort free from Sept 12-17 . Would this interest you ? User That would fit our needs quite , does the hotel wifi to its guests ? Wizard : Certainly ! As well as free and breakfast . User , that was quite fast ! Can you please this trip for my 5 colleagues ? And please let me of the price first Wizard : Of course - for 5 adults the price would be 16788.89USD . Do you wish to continue & gt ; User : Yes , that is a reasonable price Wizard : Great I will book it for you . Please enjoy your stay . User : Thank you for you kind User : I need to go to San Jose between August 27 and September 5 . Leaving from Wizard Do you have a budget ? User : Yeah i got 5 grand Wizard : This is what for : Snowy Nugget Inn - 11 days , in San Jose , United States , a 2.5 star hotel near par and museum for 4209.87USD . Guest Rated it 9.16/10 User : Hmm what are the exact dates ? Wizard From August 25 to September 3rd User : Do you have anything leaving on 27 ? I have class on the 25th Wizard : We have trips to San Jose , Leaving on September 2nd and back on 3rd . OR leaving on the , coming back on 8th User : do have something leaving for hiroshima on the dates i gave you Wizard : Sorry , I do not User : How about to Hamburg Wizard : Yes , we have 6 days trips at 3 and 4 star hotels . Leaving the last week of August costing from 2700 $ 4000 User : Do any of them fit my schedule of August 27 to September 5 Wizard : We have 30 - 31 27 - 28 , 30 - 31 , this is all I User : Ok you know what , lets just book the original San instead then Wizard : ok User : , I 'd like to go from Burlington to Valencia with my family . We are kids and 4 adults . Our budget is 19900 . Wizard : I have two choices for you . Both depart on 6 and return on Sept 11 . We offer a 5 star rated near the museum and market for 18927.46USD . We also offer a 4 rated property for just $ 79 over your budget at 9079.49USD . This property is located on the other side of the museum . Can I interest you either of these ? User : I like the 5 star , do you have any more information on this ? Wizard Our 5 star rated property , The Gold , an excellent guest 8.98 / . This a 7 day package available with free . You will fly via economy class directly from Burlington to Valencia . Would you like me to book this luxury package for you ? User : yes please ! Wizard : Perfect : thanks User : I work in Sendai and I need out of here . 'm willing to blow all my savings Wizard : Great idea : slightly_smiling_face : Where would you like to gO ? User : The only thing is that my dates are flexible , can only from work ( aka hell-hole from August 30th to September 11th . And i was hoping to for 11 days Do have anything to Santos that time frame ? Wizard : I sure do ! However , the duration I have for you is days . you like to hear more about option : Sure , give me all the details and I 'll see what options are Wizard : Ok , so the Starlight would cost 5531 dollars for a 7 day from September 3-7 . It a 3.5 star near museum , has a 8.8/10 guest rating , and free wifi and free breakfast . User : My other destination is Hiroshima Wizard : I have two different hotels available in Hiroshima within your date range , but both packages are only 4 days in length . : 4 days ! ! That 's way to short for me . How about Toronto , anything long and sweet for me there ? Wizard : I have a 6 day stay at Hotel Eric Perrier near Toronto airport and a cathedral available from Sept 2-6 . Eric Perrier boasts a 4 star with free wifi and breakfast . The cost for this package would be $ 3348 . User : And that 's the longest one you have ? : ’ m sorry to tell you that it is the only option we have in Toronto leaving from for you . User : Ok the Santos one then ! One extra day of bliss with that one haha Wizard : Sure thing : slightly_smiling_face : Anything else I can help you ? User : That 's all ! Now there a light at the end of my tunnel : stuck_out_tongue : User I need to find a vacation between today and September 14th from Punta Cana to San Francisco Wizard : you have to be back by Sept 14th User : I 'd like to be back by the 14th Wizard : will you be travelling alone or accompanied ? User : Unfortunately I do not have any available from Punta Cana into San Francisco . Any other destinations you would like to look at User : no but could you dates from august 30th to september 16th ? Wizard : with the change of dates , I still do have any flights available from Punta to San Francisco User : okay well I will come back another time . User : Hey man ! I just finished school ! ! ! ! Yes I know , I graduated , who would have ever imagined that ? haha haters gon na hate me 7 years but i 'm done with uniiii . Anyways , I wan na go somewhere starting August 27th . I can gone for days before starting work Wizard : Where would you like to depart from ? User : Munich , ma home town Wizard : Great ! How does Hamburg sound ? User : Cool man , tell me more Wizard : From 30-Sep 7 you can spend 9 days at a 3 star hotel in the heart of Hamburg for only 193.41USD including round trip flights ! User : Damn , sweet deal ! What else you got ? Wizard : When you need your return date to be User : Like about september 6th : Ok ! I have 5 day package to Rome that have you pack in on September sixth for $ 362.33 . User : But just to know , how many stars the one in Rome ? : Ok ! Well the Rome hotel I you for is not yet rated . However , I have an 8 day package to Vitoria in the heart of the city for just about 700 dollars . It is a three hotel . User : That 's more like it ! Is there free breakfast ? you know a like me can eat a lot so free breakfast is life Wizard : There is breakfast there . User : Do you have trips to anywhere else in Spain Valencia is in Spain right My the nightlife there NEXT LEVEL Wizard : I ’ but the only trips I have to Valencia from Munich would leave on September 6 . User : oh well , next , book me Vitoria then and I 'll see 's there Wizard : Great : slightly_smiling_face : Can I help you with anything else today ? User : That 's all man , a lot Wizard Have fun User : GET ME A FLIGHT FROM BARCELONA TO CALGARY LEAVE SEPTEMBER Wizard : Sorry , I do n't any leaving barcelona User : I would like to go on a trip my wife and 2 kids . Our budget is 3700 and we 'd like go between and september 10th . I 've been about going to Curitiba from Paris Wizard : I have one option available for you . Unfortunately it is slightly above your budget at 4961.26USD . However , it an 11 day package . Would you like some more details on ? User : yes I would like more details please Wizard We have the Muse available from August 27 to Sept 6 . It carries a 2 star rating but with a very high user rating 8.98/10 . It free wifi throughout your stay . User : how much is this package ? Wizard : $ 4961.25USD based on you travelling on economy class . User : I will to reject this package , it is just too expensive . Maybe you could check flights to Seattle for me ? Wizard : I do have several packages available in Seattle but all are higher than your budget the least expensive . User : hm ... how about ? I can increase my by $ 1000 Wizard No need . In Miami , I have several packages available which your and date criteria . Would you prefer to near the airport or the mall ? User I think we rather be by the mall my wife can shop ! Wizard : Close to the mall and park , I have the 3 STAR Aegis , with an option of or 11 days . A 9 day stay will cost you 2435.97USD and an day stay will cost you 2219.45USD . These are both also available on class seats and still under your budget User : What are the dates for the package ? Wizard : Departing Aug 30th , 6th User : That sounds to me How much are business seats for this package ? Wizard : 3122.50USD User : not too shabby . I like this one and so does the wife , so we will go and book this one please Wizard : I will proceed with booking . Have a great day . User Thank you so much ! User : GET ME A FROM DENVER TO MILAN . LEAVE FRIDAY GET ME THE BEST HOTEL MONEY CAN BUY Wizard : we have four star hotels for 6 days and four star hotels for 11 User HOW MUCH DOES IT COST FOR 11 DAYS Wizard : between 2470 to 3144 User : AND THIS LEAVES ON FRI AUG 26 YES ? Wizard : yes User : IS THERE ONLY ONE FOUR STAR HOTEL AVAILABLE OR SEVERALL Wizard : several User : WHICH ONE THE RATING FROM CUSTOMERS Wizard : 9.16 , El Mundo Hotel . 2009.31USD for days economy class ,2473.58USD for 11 days economy class , 3144.16USD 11 days business class User : OK THIS ONE MUST BE IT DOES IT HAVE GOOD AMENITIES : free wifi , free breakfast User : K BOOK ME BIZ CLASS Wizard : ok : I need a trip to Marseille on these exact dates : September 9 to September 13 Flying from Manaus Wizard : Are the dates ? User : They are not . Wizard : Sorry , I only have flights from 16 - 21 , from September 17 - 22 , User : Hi ! I 'm travelling solo to Belem from Atlanta and I want to go between august 24 and september 11 Wizard Great ! Ok , I have nothing in your date range leaving Atlanta . User : really need to leaving from Atlanta . What about if I came back later ? Wizard : my mistake ! I actually have several options available leaving from Atlanta . The dates available Aug 24-30 , Sept 3-7 , Sept 6-9 , Sept 8-11 , or Aug 27-30 User : Are they all at the same hotel ? Wizard : No User : Can you tell me about one with the longest stay Wizard : So there are two 7 day packages At the Hotel Triumph you would be staying on the beach at a hotel with a 4.0 star rating . There is free parking and wifi and breakfast included in your price of 2819 You travel on August 28 and return September 3rd Alternatively Hotel offers a 7 day stay on the beach at a 4.5 star rated facility for 2094 dollars with business class flights . This package at Zion goes from August 24 until 30 . User : They both sound fantastic ! Does Zion include free things as well ? Wizard : Yes , Zion has all same free amenities that Triumph has . User : That 's great ! Then i 'll go with Zion , it 's fancier and somehow a lot cheaper , ca n't wait : smile : Wizard : Great : slightly_smiling_face : Sounds good ! Enjoy User : Thank you : User : Ok i got a week off Sept 8 . I live in Tampa , show me some cool places I can ! : Do you have budget ? User : I 'm flexible with the - can pay what it takes if destination really catches my eye wink : Wizard : You can go to Phoenix , Santo Domingo , Long Beach , Lima or Ciudad Juarez , . Also , . User got trips to the of Kobe ? Wizard : Yes . 14 days in Tokyo for 4334.78USD User : I only have seven days ... any chance I could book a trip ? Wizard : Yes , we have 4 days and 5 days trip User : How much does the day trip cost ? Wizard : Oh am sorry the place of departure is n't from Tampa User : Do you have anything from Tampa that goes to Europe ? I feel like this is far longer than it should ... : I a trip to Atlanta User : Okay lets say I settle for Santo Domingo Wizard Sorry , I only have trips to Punta Cana User : can you please just find a trip to take out of this godforsaken town Wizard we have 7 days at 704.37USD User : IS Santo Domingo ? Wizard : yes User : you check the other destinations , with Phoenix ? I want to know hotel details Wizard : So we have 1 7 days in Santo Domingo for ( 3 stars hotel ) 2 ) 13 days in Domingo 740.98 ( stars ) 3 ) 7 days in Santo Domingo 823.14 ( 4 stars hotel ) 4 ) 13 days in Dallas for 493.36 stars ) : That neat but can you tell me about your offerings in Phoenix only . Wizard : 1 5 days in Phoenix 710.99 $ , 3 stars hotel 2 ) 4 days in Phoenix , 747.95USD , 3 stars hotel : if they both 3 stars , why does it cost more to stay the second one for less days ... are the user reviews higher or do they have more amenities Wizard : The departs earlier than the first . User : you give me same for your Long Beach ? Wizard : 1 ) 4days 1152.25USD , star hotel 2 ) 8 days , 1202.17USD , 3 starhotel : And how about Lima ? : ) 8 days , 4 stars hotel , 1095.80USD ; ( business , 1356.78USD ) 2 ) 6 days , star hotel , 1523.22USD User : Cool , just got to ask about Ciudad Juarez too before I make my mind ! : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : 8 days at 3.5 star hotel for 875.12USD , 5 days 3.0 star at 1279.99USD , 10 days at star hotel at 1721.54USD User : you tell more about the hotel in Santo I just want to if its near the beach Wizard : near palace , & museum User : I 'd like a hotel in Santo Domingo that is near the beach . Wizard : ok , I will book that for you User : Can you tell me more before you book . I want to know price , ratings , and amenities . Wizard : the hotels in Santo are near the beach User : Book for September 8 15 Wizard : We have 7 day starting on September 7th at either a 3 star hotel ( 704.37 for economy class , and 842.52 business class . ) or a 4 star hotel ( 823.14 for economy class and 974.69 business class ) both hotels are beach and include free breakfast User : Okay book me star hotel business class . Wizard : ok. For this one , it leaves on the 7th and come back on the 13 . User : I to leave on the 8th . Wizard : We only have the 3 star hotel User : Thats , what amenities does have ? Wizard : wifi , breakfast , free parking User : When is the return date for this trip ? Wizard 14th . It will be 842.45 Ok I 'll take it . User : I want to go to Washington . From Madrid Wizard : Washington ? User : Yeah man , Washington . Wizard : will you be travelling alone ? User : no , i be with other adults so altogether Wizard : how much did you want to spend User : $ 2000 but I am willing to increase my budget by $ 300 if be Wizard : and did you have specific dates that you wanted on ? User : we 'd like travel between august 23rd and august 26 but dates are flexible . Wizard : sadly , we do not have flights form Madrid to Washington User : that 's okay , I 'll come back a later . Thank you anyway User : Howdy ! So how does work ? I 'm too with technology , I 'm more of a pen and paper kind of guy Wizard : That is ok : slightly_smiling_face I will guide you through it . I ’ m here to help you find the best vacation packages to fit your needs . Maybe we can start by you telling me where you are located and where you would like to explore travel options to . User : Ok thank you ! I live in San Juan and I two destinations mind The first one is Chicago : Great , you have a window of travel dates that you are limited to ? : No , I am really hoping to be gone for 10 days . Wizard : Would 11 days be ? I have a trip from Aug 31-Sept 10 in Chicago from San Juan for 1324.90USD User An day should be ok. For how many people is that price ? Wizard : That ’ just one adult . How many of you will travel ? User : Me my wife Penny and Johnny my son . Wizard : Fantastic And could you tell me what your budget is ? User : , I wish I could spend more but I 'm a writer and my last book was a total flop you . I 'm travelling to work my so you could find places were calm that would be really nice . I need this one to a masterpiece ! Wizard : Ok Well sadly I can not find a package in Chicago for that budget , so perhaps you could tell me your other destination possibility and we can explore your options there . User : Ok , other place I was thinking of is Baltimore Wizard : For just little more than your budget I can book you 13 days at the Countryside Inn . This would cost 1747.67USD for the three of you and you would be in Baltimore from Sept 2-14 . User : that the option for Baltimore ? Wizard You could spend 8 days at the Countryside Resort in Baltimore for 1805.69USD . User : Ok I really need this getaway so I suppose an extra 50 $ and 3 days wo n't hurt . tell me more about the place ? Wizard : Sure ! It ’ s 3 stars , near a park Jonny , and has guest rating of 8.69 . The has free wifi , free breakfast , and free parking as well : slightly_smiling_face : User : Is it booked then ? Wizard : I can go ahead and it if you are ready ! User : Yes please ! Consider it done then : slightly_smiling_face : : Amazing , thank you ! Now all that 's left do is for me write a bestseller ! And pack of course User : Hi , I 'd to go to from Manaus . I will be with 4 other adults and my 5 be coming along as well . I am willing to pay 34800 , i will increase that price . Wizard : I will need to the number of people Please state the total number of adults and the total number of children in your . User : 5 adults and 5 Wizard : Perfect . Could you confirm your dates of travel please . User : I can go anytime ! : Perfect . you have preference concerning economy class seating or business class seating ? User : please Wizard : . Would you have a preference between a 10 day package or an 11 day package ? User : I no preference . Either or is fine Wizard : Perfect . Would you have a preference on a 3.5 hotel or a 5 star hotel ? User : 5 star for sure Wizard : Based on the information you have provided , the following be my : The Emerald - 10 days , 5 star hotel , close to the airport , includes free parking . passengers would travel via class and depart Manaus destination Seattle Tuesday Sept 6 , returning on Wednesday 14 Total price for this package is 22102.49USD . Is this satisfactory ? User : This is 100 % satisfactory ! I will have book this package please Wizard : Perfect ! I will book that for you . Thank and safe . User : Thanks ! User : I 'd like go to Melbourne from Manaus Wizard : How many people in your party - adults and children ? User : just me Wizard do you have date preferences User : length of your stay please ? User : does n't Wizard : and lastly do you have a budget in mind ? : $ 7,500 Wizard : Unfortunately , we do not have flights to Melbourne Rio de at moment . May I check other destinations for you ? User : I 'm leaving from Manaus Wizard : I apologize . I meant . No flights from Manaus to Melbourne . User : okay well how about to Rome Wizard : I have 6 , and 12 day stays in Rome departing from Manaus . Anything special you are looking for a hotel ? User : in particular but what are the best packages you can offer ? Wizard : do you prefer to fly economy or business ? User : i prefer business : May I suggest the 6 day package at Grand Residence , a 4 star property located near shopping and the cathedral in Rome . This package includes free wifi breakfast for 3770.52USD . As requested flights in business class seating departing Sept 2nd and returning 6th . Would you like to proceed with booking User : Heck yes That sounds like a great deal ! Hook me up ! Wizard : : +1 : I will book that for you right away User : you ! User : So are 4 friends promised I would this and I want to check which one would be best to visit the coming based on the deals you can offer me . Wizard : Where would you be leaving ? User : From Tijuana and I would be going August 31st and September 11th Wizard : Where would you like to go User : Let 's check Burlington first Wizard : A 2.5 star hotel in heart of the city would 958.49USD for a day stay and you would have free wifi and free parking days at a 3.0 star hotel near a park with free wifi you would 1221.70USD . User : Those are pretty good deals , are with economy flights ? Wizard : Yes , are . User : ok great , 's something happy to save on Wizard : Any other destinations to check ? User : Leon , since I could go to Burlington for about 1000 , is there anything in Leon around the same ? And 6 days sounds like good length Wizard : The cheapest package to Leon would be 2199.7USD . User : Wow that would quite a lot more why the price difference ? Is it a hotel ? Wizard : However , hotel in Leon is 5 star and located on the beach near a palace . User : How long is that stay ? Wizard : 8 days User : thanks . My friend lives in Punta Cana , how much would it to get ? Wizard : 515 dollars for a 5 day stay . User What 's the hotel like ? Wizard : 2.5 star User : and ... Wizard : On the beach . User : that good ! what else ? Wizard : I don ’ understand . What do mean ? User : What else can you tell about this hotel ? Wizard : It is called El Mar User : I 'd to a vacation between august 30th and September for 5 adults and 1 kid for 2700 . Wizard city would you like to depart from ? User : San Jose . My budget is 20900 too and we have no specific date for return Wizard : I also need to confirm return date as in your original statement you said it was Sept 2nd User : yeah thats , 'm getting my plans all mixed up today . We would like to return on the 2nd Wizard : do you specific destinations you would like me to ? User : no anywhere is fine Wizard : regrettably , I do not seem to have any departures out of San User : that redonkulous . I 'll somewhere then . : I 'd like to try and book a vacation september 2nd and september 15th Wizard : I am here to help you do that . What is your city of departure ? User : Washington Wizard : Any destinations in mind ? User : Wizard : category hotel are you looking for and with which sorts of amenities included ? User : nothing in particular , just something under 1700 Wizard : several options that suit your price but the earliest we can get on flight is Sept 6th : thats fine as long as back by the 15th Wizard : All of the options will get you back before the 15th . Would you prefer to be located in the downtown core or near the museum ? User : downtown preferably Wizard : I have the Cosmos Inn available for 9 days from Sept 7 to 15 It is located in the heart of the city and close to the park . Your package there would include free wifi , parking and breakfast , all for a pretty low price . User are any other packages ? : The the above package is . I also have Exalted Raven B & B at 679.82USD located near the museum . I think I the first price better i 'll have more money to shop teehee Wizard : the first price is lower , should I proceed with the booking ? User : yes please do Wizard : I have put your request Thank you for User : Thank you User : Ok 've been DYING to visit Goiania and I finally take time . do you have leaving from Berlin , preferably between August 25th september 3rd ? Wizard Hey ! How about August 27 until August 31 ? User That 's bit , anything longer ? is much I want to see : : Wizard : I don t have any longer trips within date range User : Ok well tell me more about this one then : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : Sure : slightly_smiling_face : The hotel is stars , called the Scarlet Resort . Guests have given the hotel a 7.15/10 rating and the Scarlet Palms is near shopping and a park . Your package includes free wifi , free breakfast , and free hotel parking . The total for this vacation package would be 2521 . User : Wow Sounds so nice ! It just feels like a lot of money for such a short trip . What if I traveled from september 8-16 instead Wizard : I don ’ t have anything between those dates , however I could book you 10 days at the Scarlet Palms hotel from August 28 until September 6 for a cost of User : Any week long trips to Brasilia Mannheim between august 30 and september 15 ? Wizard : I have 6 days at the Sublime Tower Sept 8-12 . Would you like hear more ? User : Does it cost less than 3500 ? Wizard : 2678.5USD for economy flights , 3436.17USD for class . User : Great under my budget so please tell me more ! Wizard : Sure ! The is officially but has a 8.69 guest rating , its near the beach , shopping , and a theatre , and features free wifi parking , and breakfast User : Sounds like a good place to stay ! I 'm considering Wizard : I have in Curitiba 14 , 15 , or 9 days . User As long as they fit my budget and my dates , please tell me about them all Wizard : All packages are less than 3500 . can stay at the Market Palace on beach , a star all amenities listed above ; Pinnacle , a 3.0 star near a museum and market also featuring amenities ; the Dual Basin Residence , one again featuring listed amenities , located on the beach near a shopping mall and market . User : What do you mean by all amenities above ? Wizard : Free wifi , , parking . User : ok thanks ! Pinnacle is the 15 day one right ? Wizard : are 15 day packages available at Market Palace or Pinnacle . You may also at Pinnacle for 9 days if that you better . User : I would prefer to stay at Market since it is by the and a longer stay is more that with me if I can afford it haha . What are the dates that one ? Wizard : User : That would be perfect ! That 's my favorite one so far : slightly_smiling_face How is it ? Wizard : 2589.23USD or I could upgrade you to business class flights for a total of 3326.96USD User : Fantastic , would prefer to go with . Last place I could go to is Wizard great : slightly_smiling_face : Shall I book that now ? User : I would still like to compare that package your options Fortaleza Wizard : Within your and date range I have Elder Angel Sept - 14 , 3 star hotel near a mall with free wifi , breakfast , and ; I also have this hotel available from Sept 2-6 for around the 8-14 would 2100 ) Additionally , the Riverside 3.0 star hotel is available Sept 2-6 for just under 3000 dollars . This has free wifi , breakfast , and parking and is located near a park and a museum . The final option would be Private Hotel from Sept 6-10 . Private Hotel has a 3.0 star rating is located near a mall , and includes complimentary breakfast , free wifi , and free parking . User : I Palace is still my favorite one , did it good reviews ? Wizard : User reviews are 8.22/10 for the Market Palace User : Ok to know , I 'll go that one then ! User : hi there , i having my dream wedding this Saturday and I to have a dream honeymoon right after : slightly_smiling_face : : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : Where would you like to go ? User : i 'm marrying the love of my life in Salvador , and we want to go to Miami ! ! Wizard : do you have a ? : 4200 . Will last us 10 days ? Wizard : We a trip at 4353.93USD for 8 days User : How about if we went to San Diego instead ? Wizard : we dont have anything within your budget either .. User : Alright what if I shortened the Miami honeymoon Can you fit something inside budget ? Wizard : I am sorry , the cheapest option is 4353.93USD User : What if we only went for 5 ? Wizard : Yes . We have trips at 1384.53USD , 1725.15USD , 1738.96USD , 1808.68USD User : What do I get for 1808.68 USD ? Wizard : Hi , I am sorry , I actually don'T have anything departing from Salvador , these are suggestions departing from London , Canada User : WHY would feel the need to tell me flights London ? to Miami , whats cheapest package ? Wizard : I am sorry , I dont have anything within your budget . cheapest is at 4353.93USD User : I am heartbroken : I need to get a pic of Madonna and her , they are going to be in Kobe and I want to leave from Queenstown Wizard : So that will be 2 adults travelling together ? User : no just 1 Wizard : is there a required of travel ? User : 6th . Wizard : I have two packages available in with a departure date of Sept 6 . you have any on what you require ? User : no but I have a budget of 4100 Wizard : The Royal Island is available Sept 6 for 3522.63USD . would be on a business class flight . User : what rate is the hotel Wizard It a 3 star hotel located near the palace which is now used for concerts User : that sounds like a place Madonna would want to go to ..... I 'll take this one Wizard : I proceed the booking . Have a nice day . User : Thanks User : Book me Jerusalem to Salvador , between August 24 and August 27 . 12 adults Wizard : Do have a budget User : 2800 Wizard : We an 8 days trip and a 6 days trip User : Do have anything ? Wizard : no i am sorry , not from Jerusalem to Salvador User : you know what , I 'll take the 6 day trip . Book it , bot Wizard : We actually dont have anything from Jerusalem to Salvador User : I na find a dope package from Ulsan to Rio de Janeiro for under 6500 between August 27th and september 16 , my dates are not flexible Wizard : Ulsan to Rio de Janeiro - budget $ - dates Aug 27 Sept 16 . Is this information correct ? User : yes Wizard : I have 2 results with 7 day package and 13 day package . Which would you prefer and do you have a maximum amount of money to spend ? : 6500 is my maximum . if the 13 day package is still my dates will look at it Wizard : have a 13 day package from 1 to Sept 12 - Hotel Fernando Ribero located near park , shopping , mall for 4420.98USD . available in business class 5894.5USD . Which do you want to book : the class package please : Your package has been booked , and come again . User : Thanks User : Get of and to Campinas . Business class flights only . Get me the best in Wizard : What dates you looking into and is your budget User Leave ASAP return before September Wizard : am sorry , I do n't have anything within date range User Ok what if we take a trip and on September 11 Wizard : would you like 11 days or 15 days trip ? User : Just get me before September 11 is all I ask Wizard we have 2 options User : Praytell Wizard We have for 4489.34USD or 15 days for 4722.70USD . Both 4 star hotel business class . One comes Sept 10 , the other Sept 15 . User : I want to see if I can go to Stuttgart Again , book the best hotel only Wizard : We only have 3 star hotels ranging from 632 - 700 $ User : 3 stars ? ? ? Um no : mask Ok book two adults to Campinas , returning on September 10 . Its business class right ? Wizard : will do , booking right away ! User : wan go on a vacation with my wife and 4 kids . our budget is 3300 and we want to travel between september and . We looking at going to Denver from Dallas Wizard : So that will be 2 adults and 2 children under 16 ? I have only 4 day packages available during those dates . Does that work for you ? User : no , 2 adults and 4 children Wizard : The Oriental Resort is for days from Sept 8 to Sept 11 at 3088.30USD and for 5 days from Sept 13 to Sept at 3088.30USD . These packages are only available on economy class flights . This is a 3 star hotel and includes wifi . User : Are there any trips to Cancun ? Wizard White Peak Hotel - 9 days from Sept 8 to Sept 16 3.5 star $ 2803.53USD User : Anything to Francisco ? Wizard Glorious Spring Hotel - 8 days from Sept 8 to Sept 15 2 star : 2686.26USD User : are any of the hotels close to or ? Wizard : None but Oriental Resort in Denver is located near the museum and the university , the White Peak Hotel Cancun is near the cathedral and the Glorious Spring Hotel in San Francisco is located the park and museum User : I think the SF package to the winner . Can you book this one for us Wizard : I will go ahead and book 2 and children into the Glorious Spring Hotel for 8 days . Thank you for booking on travelchat User : Hi , this is quite urgent , my sister to book a trip for . needs go Queenstown between september 9-24 leaving from Queenstown . What do you have ? Wizard : I do not understand Would you to go to Queenstown and leave from ? User : She lives in Lauderdale needs to go to Queenstown Wizard : How about the Silver Orb Palace ? It five stars and can be booked from August 30-September 7th for 2281USD User : Her dates are not flexible , she is only available between the dates I you Wizard : What are the dates ? Are they flexible ? User : September . I said , they are not flexible Wizard : You will arrive in Queenstown on September 12 and at Emerald Mountain Hotel . will to Fort Lauderdale on 20th . : 's not for me , its for my sister , can you please cut me some slack pay attention ? Like I said , it been a rough week Wizard : book this trip ? User : Not yet , tell me more abut the Emerald Mountain Hotel Wizard : Emerald Mountain Hotel is a 4 star hotel a museum with free wifi , breakfast , and parking . User How much is it Wizard : 4012.13USD : under budget ok now Wizard : Goodbye User : I would like to go to Melbourne from Santiago Actually it can any city But one condition : want to travel for free My guru told me that I could make anything happen if I dreamed hard focused on making it a reality So my dream is travel for free and you will help make it happen Wizard : There is no such thing free trips in my system . User : My guru told me that I would encounter haters on my path to enlightenment It would now appear that you are a . What if I paid $ 400 , where can go from Melbourne Wizard : I am , I do n't have that budget . : Can you check again . I am sure there has to be something for me . I have focused on this all my mental energy weeks now , guru it would work ... Wizard : I am sorry . User : I want to book a trip from Paris to Ciudad Juarez for most 4000 for one person Wizard Can August 31 ? User : anytime Wizard : Ok , 31 until September 12 is an availability at the Hotel Holiday . The hotel is 3.5 , next to a palace , a guest rating of 8.8 , free wifi , free parking , and includes complimentary breakfast . User : How much ? Wizard : $ 2,365 User : anything at a higher end hotel ? : No User : Alright , 3.5 stars do . Wizard Shall I book Holiday ? User : yes ! User : I need to go from Kabul Toronto , would you happen to have any flights for ? Wizard : We do not fly out of Kabul : Okay , I will expedia then . User : I wan to go to Porto alegre from Tokyo : Do you have a date range or budget ? User : $ 7000 and no date range Wizard I 13 days and 16 days trips , User : 16 Wizard : star hotel near shopping , university , mall for 6490.67USD in economy class , that ok ? User : sure . Can info to Manaus ? Wizard from Porto ? User : no from Tokyo Wizard : I have 6 8 9 and 10 days trip User : 10 day trip Wizard : 3.5 star hotel , park , market @ 5513.47USD User Any trips from Tokyo to Pittsburgh ? Wizard : Yes . Do you have a budget ? User : 7000 7 days or 11 days ? User 11 Wizard : I a trip 4020.20USD at a 3.5 hotel User : cool . okay . thanks . bye User : get me from Buenos Aires to the nicest hotel in Punta Cana . And I mean ! ! ! Wizard : Does August 30th as a departure date work for you ? User : Yes , I need to get back by Sepetember 12 . Great The package I m looking at would have you back on Sept 4 User : Ok , but how good is . I need business class tickets . Wizard : The hotel is The price with business class would cost User : What Fukuoka then , can you find me a five star hotel there Wizard The hotel is in Punta Cana . User : I want Buenos Aires to Fukuoka Wizard : And you would only like options 5 hotels ? User : Preferably , yes . Thats where my superstar self ought to stay , away from the riff raff . Wizard : I m sorry but the highest rating I can find the Oceanside Hotel with a 4 star rating . User : Ratings , amenities , is it near anything cool ? Wizard : Its in the heart of the city and has free wifi . The package costs 8316.1USD September 3-11 User : would it cost I booked for two adults Wizard : 14828.39USD with business class flights . User : BOOK IT . User : Hi User : Hey how are you ? Wizard : I am , how may I you today ? User to go some relatives in Tampa , but they do n't have room host me I am looking for a flight and hotel combo package . I would be free to travel between September 6th to 24th Wizard : What is city of departure : I 'm sorry I wrote too fast , I meant to say that I am leaving FROM Tampa and visiting family in Munich Wizard : I have hotel stays in 5 day and 7 day lengths , one do prefer ? User : How much are they ? budget is 3600 Wizard : Both are available under that amount . Anything special you would like for your hotel in Munich ? User : Not really , I wo n't be spending much time there so it n't have be anything fancy . Can you tell me more about the 7 day stay ? Wizard : The Regal Bluff is a five star hotel located near the university . It offers free wifi and costs . It is open at the moment from Sept 10th to the 15th . User Would have an even cheaper package to offer me if my dates were flexible ? : In Munich all the hotels are open at the moment 5 rated hotels . hotel is also available for 2157.43USD for 5 from Sept 6 to Sept 9 . User get me the 7 day one Wizard : Very well , we shall proceed with the reservation User : Can confirm which one you booking for me ? You confused Wizard : shall reserve the Regal Bluff - 7 days at a cost of 2269.58USD departing on Sept 10 and returning on Sept 15 . Does this satisfy your needs ? User : Yes thank you ! Wizard : Your has been User : Hi there , I live in Dublin but I 've wanted see 's good in Goiania . Do you that if I forked over $ 1800 , can get me there ? Wizard I ’ m sorry , but I can not find any trips on that budget .. The can offer is an 11 day package at the Scarlet Palms Resort just over 2000 dollars . : How about Atlanta can you get me flights there for my budget Wizard : Maybe we could explore another ? User Yes please , Atlanta Wizard : Ok ! Well have two packages in Atlanta at the Summer Covert Club . Would you prefer to leave on September 8 or August 24 : It does n't matter , which one is cheaper ? Wizard : 880.84USD would be the price for the . User : Do customers like the Wizard : I not know there have been no customer reviews . User : This is some business but beggars ca n't be choosers right ? Okay one last thing - can you tell me the departure and return date so that I can update my parole officer ? Wizard : September 8-13 User : Lets do it ! User : I want to a vacation between the 27th of august and the 16th september for under 1400 Wizard : from where may I ask ? User : miami Wizard : We have trips to Seattle , Alexandria , and Los Angeles User : can i see info Seattle Wizard : Thanks User : Hi there , I 'm coming up 10th anniversary with my lady , and I thought 'd treat and I to something special this year . Boston is where I call , I thought it sure be nice to get out town for a change What destinations are on offer my city ? : Many destinations are possible . Do you have budget or date of departure ? User : We can leave any time , though the sooner the better . Wizard : you have a budget ? User : You think you can do me a favour and get us this trip for free I never forget a favour Wizard : I can not book trips free . User : I have about $ 400 stashed away , is that enough to get me out of here Wizard : You can spend 20 days at the Summer Covert Club in Atlanta 368.93USD . User : Right on ! The wifey will be thrilled ! This is the price for two adults ... correct ? Wizard : For two adults the price is 737.87USD . User : I wan na go to la paz from toluca Wizard : Ok ! is available from August 30-September . I will this . User : im not ready to book anything , crazy i wan na see some options here Wizard : What would like me to assist you with ? User : i want to see some packages for trips from toluca to la paz Wizard : The Echo is for 545.50 from August 30-September 7 . User : is there anything else Wizard : The Echo is available from 25-September 1 . : no . lets try from to cordoba Wizard : The Everland is available Sept 1-13 for 2634.16USD , from August 27-September 6 for 3108.14USD . User : Any trips to santos Wizard : The Hotel Globetrotter from August 30-September 8 , Estate Hotel from September 1-10 , Starlight September 2-12 or August 27-September . User : i cant book anything . i know why i 'm here . good bye : Good day . I live in Kabul and I to take my extended family a holiday Wizard : where would you like to go ? User : Fort . Its for and my brothers and sisters our 4 kids Wizard : We do not fly out of Kabul User : But what if I offered you 2800 , then what could you do for me ? I 'm sure for offer you can make something work Wizard We do not fly out of Kabul User : not impressed User : hi Wizard : Hello : looking to de Janeiro for a spell Wizard From where User : this thursday and september leaving from rio de janeiro want to know where i can : You can go to Manaus , Salvador , Porto Alegre , Goiania User : can i get porto alegre for under 1900 ? Wizard : yes , for User but can you tell if the hotel is any ... do the guests like ? Wizard : hotel , guest rating 8.8 on User can you confirm which dates this package will be Wizard : august 30 and september 2nd in economy class We have business class at 733.41 User : do have longer trip to porto ? that only takes up half my vacation Wizard : Not to Rio but to Manaus Brazil , yes , at 8 for 583.65 $ , or Salvador at 616.31 days . : that sounds , which has the hotel ? Wizard : Salvador has 3.5 star User : and Manas ? Wizard : 2.5 stars User : , and the dates for salvador are ? Wizard : August 27 to September 2nd User : ok not to be nitpicky but can you tell me a little more about at salvador , and whether its near ? Wizard : near hotel , museum , palace theatre vs. hotel , shopping for Manaus User : brilliant ! ok sign me up the santos package please User : Well I am currently permanently in a the 8th floor of a building in Puebla but want to I am somewhere else instead . Fly me Leon Whats the fanciest place I can go to for 3600 Wizard : I must inform you that we do not fly from Puebla to Leon . User : How about to beautiful Toronto , can you take me there ? Wizard : No we have limited flights to Toronto too and none from Puebla User : How about ? Wizard : I inform you that we do not have any flights available from to Athens either . Do have other dream I can search for ? User : Monterrey : I no flights from Puebla to You fly cities to Monterrey , Puebla . User : Thank you , I go use another service that can satisfy my escapist fantasies User : I must to La Paz from Fort . Wizard : I can help you book that ! When do you want to travel ? User : anytime but to be there 13 days . i need THE BEST package you can find for 1300 or less Wizard : You can stay at the Echo either August 25-September 2 or from August 30-September . User : is this a 5 star hotel ? : The hotel 4.0 with 8.98 guest rating . User : is there a 5 star ? Wizard : Not in La Paz . Only the . User : any 5 hotels hamburg Wizard : Vortex HOTEL in Hamburg has a 4.0 star rating with a star guest rating . User : that peasanty . I am a grade A++ writer and i need the best its a star hotel or nothing Wizard : not have 5 star hotels available . User : wel buh bye User : have 5 days vacation and i want some information on packages starting on or after September from Rome . Wizard : For 5 day packages , have a star hotel in Munich from September with wifi and a spa . The cost is 381 dollars User : okay well dont need to book anything today , ill come back tomorrow . User : melbourne to fukuoka august 24 to august Wizard : Hello ! How people will be travelling ? User : 5 grown ups Wizard Are dates flexible ? User : sure fine flexible actually no i dont na go any more User : hi i need to get to city Wizard : Hi ! Where are you leaving from : PUNTA CANA come on come on : Budget ? User 1300 Wizard : Travelling alone ? User : yes Wizard : When would you like to leave and return ? User i want to be on or after septemeber first : We have two 3 star hotels . Are you more interested in free breakfast and wifi , or free wifi and parking ? User : i need free parking as renting a car . three stars is not to attract my target demographic . If another thousand dollars on my budget can you find me something better ? Wizard : Unfortunately there are no other hotel ratings User : oh bullocks User : So I live in Long Beach . do you have for ? Wizard : ! We are here to help you book your best possible . I will search flight availability from Long Beach to Cairo . How many people will be travelling and what is your expected date of departure ? User : just me and it can be between 30th and september 17th Wizard : I have one package available during that time period . It would be 15 day package the Mellow Horizon Inn & Suites located near the University of Cairo . this be of to you ? User : that would be great Wizard : This is a 3 star rated hotel with a guest rating of 8.8 / 10 . The package included free wifi parking and breakfast . Flight departs August 27 and returns on Sept 10 . User : I thought you said it fit dates , I asked to leave after 30th .. Wizard : The flight departs on August 27 . Are your dates flexible ? User : Not really , is all you have cairo ? Wizard : Yes it is . Would you like to look other destinations for you ? User : Yes next on my list San Francisco Wizard : To Francisco from Long Beach , I have your requested date of departure for package at a 2 star rated hotel a rated hotel . They are both 10 day packages . I have 16 packages available if you depart August 31st . User : 10 days be good Wizard : you a certain amount you like spend ? User : I have n't a budget for myself , I want to see what my options are first Wizard : Departing Aug 30th , the Antique Sword Suites is a 2.5 star hotel located near a museum which includes wifi , parking and breakfast . The Canyon Inn and Suites a 2 star located in the heart of the city and also close to a museum This one also includes wifi , and breakfast and departs on Aug 30th . User : I the idea of being in the heart of the city . How much that one ? : you prefer fly economy business ? User : economy Wizard : $ 612.58USD the 10 day package . : nice ! that 's great deal ! Wizard : Would you like me to with the booking ? User : have past guests been satisfied there ? Wizard : This property carries a guest rating of 5.23 / 10 User : ok so decent reviews , for price it would be hard to complain about that . I want to compare this on to packages you have t manaus Wizard : Will the travel dates to Manaus be the same than to San Francisco ? User : yup I do n't have to leave exactly the 30th , the dates I gave you were a range Wizard : The earliest departure date from Long Beach to Manaus would August 31st . I have an 11 day package available . : cool me ! Wizard : The Hotel Aquamarine is a 2.5 star property to shopping . It has a 6.77 / 10 guest rating . The price for an 11 day package based on economy class flights is $ 2234.29USD User : any free wifi ? Wizard : amenities are included - free wifi parking and breakfast User : cool Wizard : Would you like me to book either you ? User : Last place is Hamburg , do you have anything there ? Wizard : Would you prefer an August or August 31st departure from Long Beach to Hamburg ? User : I do n't mind , is of them in the heart of the city ? Wizard : The Hotel Peter is located in the heart Hamburg and close to the museum . If you depart on Aug 30th it is on a 10 day package and if depart on Aug 31st it is available on an 11 day . It is a 3 star property which also provides you with free wifi , free breakfast , and free parking . User That sounds like good hotel , how is each package ? Wizard Via economy or business ? User i prefer economy Wizard : $ 1847.95USD for a 10 day package and $ 2072.72USD on an 11 day package . User : this hotel have better reviews that the one in Manaus Wizard : Both hotels have 0/10 guest ratings . User : Ok , Hamburg was the destination I was leaning towards and Hotel Peter my needs Wizard : May I proceed with the booking ? : I 'll a chance there wih the packag Wizard : Have a very pleasant trip User : Get me on a flight to San Antonio , stat ! I leave on September 1 Wizard : From where ? User : Kyoto . Get me the best hotel : you have a budget ? : I want to keep under $ 5500 possible . But I 'm flexible with return date Wizard : Travelling alone ? User : all by lonesome Wizard There are no flights from Kyoto to San Antonio in my database . Is there another destination you might to go to ? User : Its got ta be San Antonio man , damn Ok I 'll look elsewhere User : hello i am the happy father of 3 beautiful little angels and i would like to bring them on the vacation of a : Where would you to go ? User : and i have to bring wife .. so theres taht . calgary ! perhaps Wizard : from where ? User : Atlanta ! : I have a 14 days flight at 3128.19USD . at a star hotel at 8.86 guest rating . Does that look to you ? User hmm , intriguing ! and quite budget . Where in the city is it located- near downtown Wizard : It is near the airport , the hotel name is Retro Inn User : oh dear that sounds dreadful . what ’ ve you got available in porto ? Wizard : I have anything departing Atlanta User : oh dear… at all in porto alegre between august 30 and september 16 ? : There are departures from San User : well that ’ good ok one other destination I ’ d to explore .. anything available in leon ? Wizard : Sorry , nothing departing from Atalanta User : , this is rather disappointing we not spend our family vacation near the airport . i wont be booking anything today in this case , goodbye User : I 'm a tour group of four adults . trying to decide on a destination Can you tell me if I can get Punta for 3400. leaving from the Beijing Wizard : When would you like to ? User : Flexible with the date , just want to keep it within budget . Wizard That is for 4 adults total , ? User : check out the big brains on you ! yes correctomundo Wizard : I 'm sorry but there are no flights from Beijing . Are you able to fly out from a different location ? User : Then I shall ditch companions for my other friends . Got anything out of Kabul ? Wizard : There is n't anything from Kabul either . Do you have another departure location ? User : WOE IS ME , I HAVE NOT User : Seven grownups 4 tots . We 're heading from Cairo down to our ancestral hometown of Belem . Flexible dates Wizard : What is your maximum budget for this trip ? User : 32400 Wizard : We have two 4 hotels and one 4.5 star hotel . Which do you prefer ? : they both under budget , then 4.5 star one obviously Mama ai n't raised no fool Wizard Would you like economy seats your flight or business ? User : We all about the business Wizard package is a 16 day stay at the Zion Hotel . Amenities include free breakfast , wifi , and parking . Departing flight leaves on August and the return flight leaves on September 7th . This package costs 18888.96 . Would you like to book this package ? User : ZION SOUNDS DANK lets do it Wizard : Great ! Your flights have been booked and you will receive a confirmation email within the hour ! Have a great day User : it ! thank User : heyyyyy there I just got approved to take my 10 vacation days in the weeks : smile : im looking to leaving from indianapolis , but I wan na explore my options for now . so can you let me know what s available under 1900 ? Wizard : You have trips to Santodomingo , Curitiba , Cairo , San Jose , and Vancouver : wow ! tell me more - what ’ s hotel like curitiba ? Wizard : star hotel : With amenities ? what is it close to ? Wizard : Close to park heart , free wifi , free breakfast , free parking : much is the price ? how long is the trip duration ? Wizard : Heart of the city , 12451.67USD for 19 days in business class or for days in : jeeeez ’ s not under 1900 dollars ! my budget 1900.00 USD Wizard : How many are you ? User : just me Wizard : Sorry I dont have anything in that price range . User : nothing at all from indianapolis .. to anywhere ? Wizard : Oh , sorry I have trips to Santo Domingo , Cairo , San Jose , Vancouver Cancun St. Louis User : oh ok ! can I hear about the hotel in San Jose ? Wizard : star near park and museum , 1627.71 17 days . User review of 9.16 on 10 User : neat ! the hotel called ? : Snowy Nugget Inn User : what would the hotel in santo domingo ? would it be like ? Wizard : Rose Sierra Hotel , 3 star at 1849.63USD for 19 days User : cool ! what ’ s included in the package ? is it on the beach ? Wizard : Yes , its near the beach , includes free wifi , free breakfast , free parking User : ok , i like that . what ’ s the user review ? : 7.06 User : ok. and one more thing - how does cairo ’ s hotel look ? Wizard : 3 star hotel near university at 1313.41USD User how would it be ? Wizard : 18 days User : ok. thanks well , lets go ahead and santo domingo . i wan na stay on the beach Wizard : ok , booked User : thank you : slightly_smiling_face : : Athens to Busan . Aug Wizard : ? User : 3500 Wizard : How many people are travelling ? User : 1 Wizard : are no result in my database leaving from Athens . User : Good morning to you I 'd to take my family somewhere exotic I been coming up with a list of where to go from Cana . Can you check on Mexico City Wizard : you have a budget ? User : 2900 for adults 4 children Wizard When would you like to go ? User : Look for travel packages to Mexico City first Wizard : We have two 3 star hotels and two 3.5 star hotels . All are 5 day stays . Do any of these spark ? User : Can I get the 3.5 star and the business class flight for under my ? Wizard : No sorry , the business flight is for a 3 star hotel . Book one thats between August 31 and September 8 : There is a flight September 2nd to 6th at a 3 star hotel there is also a trip from September 1st to 5th at a 3.5 hotel . Which one would you like me to book ? User : How much does the second trip cost ? Wizard : 2860.74 User : Perfect , book it Wizard : Great ! Your has been booked ! Safe travels ! User : ! User : You got a Juan to Rome flight on Sept 2 ? Wizard : We have 4 star hotels this request . User 'll be 3 adults . Flexible with return date but want keep the to 7600 . Is this possible Wizard : We a package at 0 star hotel from September 2nd to September 6th for . Amenities include free wifi and free breakfast . Economy class . User : Ok if we leave a different , any chance you could land us a better hotel ? Wizard : There is a package at a hotel from September 11th to 21st , economy class seats , free breakfast , free wifi , for 7282.75 . User : Yeah lets do that . Not in a rush Wizard : Your flights are booked ! Have a lovely trip and thank you for using our service . User : Thank you ! : Good morning I 'm an expat writer living in Kobe Richard O'Brien , ever heard of me ? Wizard : looking for a destination Tokyo ? User : Well I need that to change , which is I need to book a trip somewhere calm where I finish my which will hopefully make me a world renowned author , not like my last book ... So yes , to answer your , I am looking for a from Kobe to maybe . I a real family man and be travelling with my and our son ca n't live without those two . 2 adults and 1 child Wizard : would you like to leave and return ? User : the sooner we the better , but I do n't have specific date constraints I would like to be away for 7 days though Wizard : have a 6 package available at rated hotel in Munich departing Sept 6 and returning Sept . Does this interest you sir ? : I 'm not sure I can afford highly rated , our budget is 3600 Wizard : I have no available in for under $ 3600.00 . can check other destinations you if you like , or I can check to see if there are shorter available . User : I really need about 7 days to work .. about if to Hamburg ? : At the time , there are no flights from Kobe to Hamburg User : Oh well , thank you for your help , I that our budget is quite limiting will see if other agencies have cheaper trips we can affoord Cheers Wizard : Have a pleasant day User : I know this is an trip but I got ta take my 2 children to a great and venerable hospital in Sacramento . I got 5400 to spend , can you please please me . Leaving from Wizard : You be 1 adult ? User : Yes Wizard : There is a 5 star hotel , 14 day stay from September 1st to 14th . Amenities include free breakfast and wifi . Business class flights and a total cost of 4897.31 . does this sound ? User : My gosh that perfect I 'll take it have no idea how much this helps us , you 're truly an angel Wizard : Wonderful ! I could be of assistance ! : Thank ! User : SO ! I am travelling with my family for a reunion We are all leaving Beijing and need to to Toluca . There will be six of us adults travelling and we need to leave between August 24 to August 27 . What can find me ? Wizard : Hello , I have 16 days and 15 days trips User : , well maybe that could work… what s the price for 6 adults ? Wizard : 8778.23 for 15 days for 15 days , 9114.67 15 days trips and 19735.33 for 16 days , 15279.74 for 16 days trips User Oh , that s quite above our 3 thousand dollar budget . Wizard : I am sorry User : Hey there , 'd like to book a long vacation for myself . I live in Cordoba but thinking of going abroad to Fortaleza Wizard : what is your budget ? User : Do you have a 16 day trip between September 2 and 22 ? I 'm willing to spend what it takes , have been doing nothing but work for years Wizard : We have a 13 day stay from September 3rd to 14th at a 3 star hotel at the amazing price of 2918.45 for business class seats ! User Ooh that could work ! I just want to check out a couple of other destinations , just for comparisons sake Can you for something under the same parameters but heading to Kyoto Wizard : is a 12 day stay from September 2nd to 12th at a 3 star hotel 4635.28 for business class seats . User : Alright , can you just look at Queenstown as well Wizard : is a 10 day stay from September 12th to 21st at a 5 star hotel for 994.43 for business class seats . User : There 's nothing for longer ? Wizard : No , sorry . User : In that case me the Fortaleza trip then ! I think would work Wizard : Alright Your trip booked ! Have a great day ! User : Thanks , you too User : there I ’ m located in Madrid and I would like to explore my travel options to visit my family in Sydney Wizard : Do have a ? User : Yes , 2700 Wizard : We have 12 days for 2483.75USD , for 2214.41USD , at the lunar resort User : Nice ! When at the for that ? September 5 to and August 30 to September 6th User : I ’ m only off work between Sept 11-15 Can you find me something within those dates Wizard : I am sorry , I dont have anything available on those dates User : Good morning ! So I just won the lottery and decided to offer myself the trip of a lifetime ! ! ! There are so many places I 've always wanted to visit but could afford I live in San . Anything good to Sacramento ? Oh and I want fly business class , I want the whole shebang Wizard : Perfect . To the above information , you would to depart Francisco and go to Sacramento . On business class . Is this correct ? Could you please also supply me with the of your trip ? User : That is correct ! I 'll be to travel between August 25 and September 13th Wizard : For how many adults and how many ? User : Just me myself and I ! Wizard : There are no flights available from San Francisco to Sacramento . : Well that settles that . How about to Cairo ? : I do not have any flights from San Francisco to Sacramento . Would your dates be flexible ? User : No . I could go to Montreal instead Wizard : I do have any flights San Francisco to Cairo . I will try . User : thanks ! Wizard : May I verify other for you ? User : you have anything to Montreal ? Wizard : I do not have any flights from to montreal I regret the inconvenience User : Paris Wizard I do have any flights out of San Francisco at . : cry User : That 's too bad , i 'll go looking for my perfect getaway somewhere else then thanks anyways User : looking to get of town quick with the family Wizard : where would you like to go and where from ? User : you got anything leaving today from goiania and returning next friday some destination suggestions Wizard : What is your budget and how many adults and are travelling ? User : 3 adults kids . lets keep under 12500 : The closest result your request is a 9 day stay from the 24th of August to the 1st of September at a 3.5 star hotel 12493.91 class seats . User : wow 's not at all is there something that leaves on August or later ? I can be on return date Wizard There is a week long from August 27th to September 2nd at a 3 star hotel for 12474.78 economy class seats . User : Yeah lets do that one then Wizard : Great ! trip is booked ! I 'm glad I was able to help you book a trip today ! User : Thank you ! User : need to get of city its so and bustle a flashy jungle ive just got a real sensory overload honestly Wizard Where would you like to go ? User : im thinking about leon . be departing from kobe . ive got a few off from august 27 until september 9 Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User no , im trying treat myself Wizard : We have a days trip at 23460.93USD in Business class or 18186.97USD in economy class User : Is that the only thing between my date range to Wizard : User : Ok. , I ’ ll keep this option in mind . In the , can you tell me what ’ s available Belem for the same date range ? Wizard : We have 7 days trip at 29251.35USD in Business or 7 days at 22382.4USD in economy class User : just one hotel option ? Wizard : Yes , it the Zion Hotel Can you tell me more about it ? : 4.5 star hotel near the beach User : Nice ! That ’ s what like If I were to go , would I be able to spend than 7 days there ? : You can stay 17 days there at 35118.37USD User : Wow , nice ! What dates would I be ? : September 10 to User : Hmm that ’ s no good .. Anything within my date ? Wizard : I have 30 to September 8th , 11 days for 32291.93USD User : That would perfect ! Can you give me some more about the hotel . Wizard : It is four-star hotel User : Where it located ? What amenities included ? \ Wizard : Near shopping mall with free wifi and free breakfast User : Ok , I ’ m not sure I want to be a commercial area like a mall district though .. So , could you tell me hotel in Leon would be like ? Wizard : I have 5 star hotels near markets User Nice ! Free breakfast ? Wifi ? Wizard : We have one with a spa at 27447.71 , for 7 days . Leaving on August 27 and coming back on Sept 1st User : A spa would be wonderful . Are there any other hotels within my date range ? Wizard : I have El Hotel Del Mar - 11 , 16389.12USD , from August 31 September User : Nice ! And the rating ? Wizard : 5 star hotel User : Ok , lets it ! User : PORTLAND TO ATHENS SEPT 11 TO 15 I WANT EXACT DATES PLEASE Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : UNDER 1800 Wizard : many people ? User : ME ONLY Wizard : I 'm sorry to inform you but there are no flights to Athens . Is there a you like to explore User : NOOOOO User : Listen up ! im marrying my boo on saturday , and afterwards and I want the best honeymoon 4600 buy get us to kyoto will ya ? : Okay . Where from ? User : detroit Wizard : When would you to leave for your honeymoon ? User : anytime after saturday Wizard : We have a package leaving on the 4th of September and returning on the 13th . This is at a 3 star that offers free breakfast and wifi and the cost is 4168.49 for business class seats . Does this interest you ? User : wow you know what , that works . how can i confirm this booking ? Wizard : I will book it for you and you will receive a confirmation email within the hour . Have a great day and enjoy the trip ! User : Thank you ! User : You can help me by booking a flight out of Cordoba to Salvador for me and my friend . Leaving ASAP and September 8 . Oh I 'll need the best hotels you can get Wizard : Okay . You want to go to Cordoba ? User : No I 'm in Cordoba . I to go to Salvador : Do you have a budget ? User : No I have no budget , but I a parakeet , want to hear about my parakeet ? Wizard : We have one hotel result with different packages . Would you like to hear more ? User : Only if its a good hotel Wizard : It is a 3.5 star hotel , near , , and theatre . User : 3.5 star , you serious ? screw it , check LA instead Wizard : These are only 3 star hotels . User : This is hopeless User I need your help got do some serious trip research for wife S our travel dates are between sepember 1-18 . We live in Monterrey . Its for me , my wife and 5 kids . Any other you need ? Wizard : So that will be for 2 and 5 children , travelling from Monterrey between Sept 1 to Sept 18 . I have some further questions : are your ? Secondly , do you have any in mind ? Thirdly , do you have a budget for trip ? User 1 ) no , that is the only period of time I can be away work 2 ) a few , one is Calgary 3 ) Our budget is 14000 Wizard : Based on provided , can provide with 6 , 8 and 12 day packages . Would you have any preference ? User : My wife was of something about week long so 6 or 8 would work Wizard : have several options . Are you for a specific star rating or location ? User : Not sure yet , my job is to find some to comapre Wizard : The Retro Inn is a 2 star rated hotel and is available in both the 6 day $ 6273.96USD and day $ 7893.3USD packages . The Amusement is a 4 star rated hotel and is available only in a 6 day $ 4400.81USD package User Do with breakfast and any other free bonuses ? Wizard : The Retro Inn comes with breakfast included , the Amusement does not They both include free wifi and parking . User : Are they well located Wizard : The Retro Inn is near the airport and The Amusement near the university . User : ok , next place I thought of Sendai Wizard : I have 4 star Hotel Kirei available for a 15 days stay only and it seems it is out of your budget User : Ya , and that 's longer than what we wanted . My wife was really hoping would work . Better luck there ? : you open to a day stay ? User : Sure , ya should be okay Wizard : I have the 2.5 star Grandiose Willow Resort $ 13662.58USD . wifi and parking . Located on the and close the university User : great , that 's just under budget . no with I guess ? And how are reviews ? Wizard : No breakfast and there are no guest reviews it as of yet . User : How about the ones in Calgary , did have reviews ? Wizard : No reviews on the Amusement and the Retro Inn has a guest rating of 6.51/10 User : Alright , thanks for all your help ! I 'll share this with my wife and we will get back to you User : yo whats good in essen here , want to get out for a can you if there are flights to cancun between august 24 and sept 4 Wizard : Do you have a budget ? : nah i 'll just compare prices after Wizard : There are 2 packages , one is economy class and the other is business class . The hotel is 4 stars and the trip is from August 24th to 4th . The economy price is 2683.26 and the business price is 3453.13 . The hotel also offers free breakfast , , and parking , and is near a university and cathedral . User : nice i that you 're giving all the details upfront you do the same for a bunch of other cities starting with pittsburgh Wizard : is a 4.5 star hotel from August 24th to September 4th . Economy class is 2333.11 , business class price is 2994.30 . The hotel is near the beach and offers free breakfast , wifi and parking User : cool can you tell me more Barcelona . same situation Wizard : is 3 star hotel with free wifi , and parking . It is near a park , university , and in the heart of the city . trip is from August 31st to September 13th The economy class is 623.12 , business is 724.70 User : Hmm alright thats a very economical option . ok last destination . Philadelphia . do any packages for that ? Wizard : have a day package at a 2 star from the 30th of the 4th of September . The hotel is near a park and museum and free , wifi , and parking . The economy flight is 2594.88 and the business flight is 3345.92 . User : hm ok after careful consideration book me to pittsburgh please Wizard : Alright ! You will receive a confirmation email within the hour Have great day and safe travels ! User : thanks ! User : Hi there , Wizard : Hi ! Where would you like to go ? User : I need to get to Porto with 10 adults going from Tel if possible . anytime is good but i need to keep it under Wizard : Unfortunately there are no flights for this request my User : about leaving from Jerusalem instead Wizard : nothing for search either . Is there another destination you 'd like to visit User : lets try going to Madrid then Wizard : From Jerusalem ? User : yes Wizard : There are no results for this request either . User : ok how about tel aviv to madrid ? Wizard : are no results for this either unfortunately . User : rats ! User : sometime in the next century . for under 5000 Wizard : Where would you like to go ? User : sapporo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Wizard : Where are you leaving from ? User : are you serious . las vegas ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Wizard How many people are travelling ? User : just me , me myself and i , moi Wizard : There are no flights from Las Vegas to Sapporo . User : fine . get me a flight sacramento Wizard : There are no results for this flight either User : Hi there , I 'd to take my somewhere nice I also want to impress my wife with my good taste Wizard : I can help you with your request . Please specify the amount of adults and children that will be travelling together . User Yes I will be traveling with six children and two adults including myself Can you let me if 13200 is enough to get us to Fukuoka ? Wizard : Where would be departing from User : Departing from Cairo Wizard : Do have certain dates mind ? User : Yes , it would have to be between August 25 and Sept 12 Wizard : Between those dates , I have 10 , 12 and 16 day packages available . Which one would you prefer ? User : 'd be interested in more about the 16 day if it fits my schedule . What 's the hotel like ? Wizard : The day package departs August 25th and returns on Sept 8th . is the HOTEL Sugoi , a 3 star resort . Wifi is included in every and hotel is located near the palace . This package is worth 11190.20USD User : Wow that sounds really good . But my wife is very particular so I will need to ask you about a few more . you tell me if we can get anything good to Santo Domingo ? Wizard : Santo , there is availability for a 14 day stay at Rose Hotel , a 3 star located on the beach and within walking distance shopping . : Does it have good guest rating ? Wizard : 7.06 / User : Okay cool . How about Indianapolis Wizard : Also 14 day , departing either on the 27th or 30th User : Yes but how is hotel ? Wizard : There are two choices , what departure date you choose . Hotel Liberty a 2.5 star hotel on the beach close to shopping . Hotel Vanilla is a 3 star on the beach but close to airport , park and . Hotel Liberty is a package deal worth $ 5347.25USD and Hotel vanilla is a package deal worth $ 6687.46USD . Pricing on is based on economy class flights for everybody . User : Wow thats pretty attractive as well Ok I ca n't yet since I need check in with the Mrs . But I will let you know Thanks : Hey there , sooo I ’ m in bit of a bind I ’ m getting married next week and have yet to book a honeymoon .. Wizard : Hello ! would you like to go ? User : We ’ got a fair bit money on hand 4100 . Would love to go to Porto Alegre ! Our wedding will be in Leon Wizard : When would you like leave ? User : Any after the wedding , which is 3 Wizard There 's nothing to Porto Alegre but is there somewhere else 'd be willing to go ? User : Ahhh dammit No User : Hey ! I 've 6 vacation days starting 27 . I want to what 's available from Chicago ! Wizard : Hello , do have a budget ? User : Nope ! What can you find me ? : I have to Santos , for 6 days at about $ 3000 User : Ok , ok Anything else ? Wizard : There is trip to Rio de Janeiro Brazil , staying at 2.5 star hotel for about 2700.49USD User : interesting .. What else ? Wizard : That is it : Ok , what if I have a flexible departure date ? Wizard : Oh , you can go to Fukuoka , Senbai , Busan and Seoul User : Now you 're talking What 's available in Seoul ? : 19 days for 4921.46USD or 3801.27USD in economy class . 3 star hotel User : I like . Where is the hotel ? What 's included ? Wizard : Harborview Hostel and near a park : I 'd something on a beach . are any of hotels in busan beach Wizard No beach , I am sorry , but the in Fukuoka are near a palace User What is the hotel in Santos like ? Wizard : 3.5 star hotel near museum & palace 3170.80USD ( 6 days stay ) User : Nice , nice . what about in Rio Janeiro ? Wizard : 3 stars hotel near park , museum university , @ 2049.25USD User : What rating the Fukuoka Wizard : stars User : free breakfast ? Wizard : only free wifi User : What are dates in Busan ? August 30 to September 12 : Well lets book Wizard : ok User hello . Wizard : ! How can assist ? User : im looking to go from portland to toluca what do fo rme Wizard : What is your budget User : lol . im insulted you would even ask just do the little search thing that you do im not worried about so neither should you Wizard : there a certain date you 'd like to leave on ? User : dont care but i have to be back here for September 6 Wizard : The closest package we that is close to this date is from August 27th to September 7th . Is this okay ? : ’ m going to need some more information before i tell you that .. Wizard This is at a star hotel that offers free breakfast , and . Business class seats are . User : nothing else ? Wizard : No , sorry . : ok whats available philadelphia Wizard : There is 2 star hotel from August 30th to September 6th This hotel is near a park and museum and includes free wifi , , and parking . cost 556.35 for business seats . User : is that it .. 2 star/ Wizard : Yes , that is all for this request . User : kingston to toluca what is available Wizard : We have a 3.5 star hotel with free breakfast , wifi and parking . This package leave August 27th and returns September . With business class this package comes 2480.10 . User kingston to philadelphia Wizard : Yes User : Wizard : This is a 2 star hotel User : Hi there , I ’ m off between August 25 September 11 . I saved up 4000 for a nice trip If I flew out from San Francisco , are your suggestions where I can ? Wizard For that budget you could travel to cities in the US , Mexico , , Italy Japan . Any preferences ? User : , I ’ ve always wanted to see . kind of hotel can I expect ? Wizard : Great , me check what I have . First , I just confirm with you that this is trip for one adult ? User Yes it is Wizard : , you , In that case I can offer you 15 days at HOTEL Sugoi , a 3 star hotel close to a Palace . You would be staying there between August 25th September 7th . free wifi and have an excellent guest of . The package . Should I book this for you ? User : That sounds really good actually . Lets say I have a date I wanted to bring…would Japan be out of price range then ? Wizard : Yes , unfortunately the packages I have for two in Japan do not fit in your budget . However I can offer you a 13 day beach getaway at 3 star Rose Sierra Hotel in Santo Domingo . Would something that interest you ? User : are the guest ratings place ? Wizard : , so guests seem to be quite satisfied with the place . : TRUE . know what , I ’ m not sure that I ’ m ready to ask her to travel with yet . Just book me for Sugoi : I can do that for you ! Thank you using our services and have a great afternoon . User : Thanks ! User : Hi there . I exact dates for this one , no flexibility to Punta Cana Sept 11-15 You got that Wizard : I 'm afraid we do not have any flights connection those cities . Is there I you with ? User : Hi . Well I ’ m trying to treat myself with a vacatoin . I ’ m thinking of going Chicago . Leaving Seattle Wizard : How many people be travelling you ? User : So , could you find something first the eighth . Just me Wizard : What is your budget ? User : I ’ m not travelling on a budget Wizard : We have a 2.5 star hotel from 1st 7th . hotel includes breakfast , wifi parking , and is also near a park and museum . With business class seats , this package costs 1201.91 . User Not bad I guess but really not what I ’ m envisioning for my refreshing . What is me in ? Wizard : This 3.5 star hotel near the airport and includes free breakfast , wifi , parking . This trip is from September 2nd 10th and if you want business class seats the cost of this package is 1096.28 . User : Are there any other hotels in Chicago ? Wizard : No , sorry , this is our only one . User : No others in ? Wizard : No , . Would you any of the packages already given ? User : Not . I just wan na what is available in Ulsan first : This a star hotel near a park , market , and theatre They offer wifi and parking . The trip from September 2nd to 8th package comes to 3984.70 with business class User Alright , now sounds . Lets book ! Wizard : Great ! Your package is booked ! Have a great day ! User : Thanks : slightly_smiling_face : : Hi there I have very important request to make today I need to get from Essen to Porto Alegre on August 28 or some point thereafter . But most importantly I need to book me the best hotel in Porto Wizard : I can definitely help you with that . How many adults and children will be travelling ? User : I am a lone wolf Wizard : Do you have budget length of trip in mind ? User I got 5G , want to stay as long as it will permit Wizard I can offer you a 4 hotel with outstanding guest reviews of 10/10 . The Golden Hotel close to park , beach , shopping and a mall and you will enjoy free wifi and breakfast . However , this trip is only 8 days long . I can offer you longer trips , but the hotel will not be as luxurious . What would you prefer ? User : Wow thats not bad But s 5 star hotel Wizard And would be flying in business class ! User : Alright Wizard : Unfortunately we do not have 5 star hotels available for your dates and within your buget User : I ’ willing up to 6000 if it means I get a 5 star Wizard : Actually 'm there are no star hotels in my database in Porto . : a letdown . Ok put me up in the Golden Keep then , it Wizard : I will enjoy your stay ! Rest you are staying in our best hotel in Porto . User : Thanks ! User : You got any from New York to Naples departing Aug 27 Sep 15 ? Wizard : Welcome . I will proceed with your . How many in your party ? User : 1 adult Wizard I regret I do not have flight availability departing from New York destination . User yo . im from burlington . want to somewhere cool my bro . between sept 8 and sept 18. you got to kingston ? Wizard : how much money would you like to spend ? User : does n't matter , got a trust fund Wizard : The most expensive package I offer to Kingston $ 3377.17USD business class for 8 days . Would you like book it ? User : what hotel Wizard : 3.5 star Golden Excalibur Hotel 8 day package . We also offer the 4 star Ebony Manor Inn & Suites for 6 days via business class at $ 3141.90USD User : hm . check vitoria for me will ya ? Wizard : Burlington to Vitoria - Hotel Oro 5 days 3 star rating , on business class at $ 5144.1USD . ONLY available Sept 24 to sept 27 Are your dates changeable ? User : i 'd rather not . ok lets not do vitoria then . i want to go somewhere with amenities . ebony inn in that regard ? Wizard : It includes free wifi , parking , breakfast and is located near the museum . Guest is an above average 8.22 / 10 . User : wow thats really not Wizard : I proceed with the reservation if would agree ? User : yes proceed Wizard : then , it been . You booked to go from to Kingston via business class to the Ebony Manor 2 adults . Thank you your booking and have a pleasant and safe trip . User : Thank you so much ! User : can me a trip pittsburgh , from barcelona ? between 3 and 18 Wizard : How people are you travelling with User : i ’ m bringing my nephew , so 1 adult 1 child Wizard : we have 12 days , days and 11 days stay User : which one gets the hotel ? Wizard : 12 days at 3.5 stars at 3631.49USD for ECONOMY class and 4616.12USD for BUSINESS class User : i want to ask about cancun you got any trips ? : Yes 11 or 12 days at 3 or 3.5 star hotels is what we have available : what about Wizard : 3.5 stars for 7 or 10 days User : how much does that trip cost if we go 10 days ? : 5764.32USD in business and 4525.6USD economy User : wow alright also got ta ask san jose i promise Wizard : got 4 star hotel for 11 or 9 days User : 11 Wizard : 6812.27USD in business class and 5306.48USD in economy class User : is this near anything nice ? Wizard : near beach museum User : ok fine lets do it , business class please Wizard : ok I will have it booked and send you confirmation email User : there ! , between September 7 and 27 I would like to see what is available from Curitiba to Mexico City Wizard : We have a 3.5 star hotel near a museum , beach , and shopping mall . Amenities include parking and wifi . This vacation is from September 10th to 20th and business class seats included costs 2701.20 . User : Hmmm ok . . that sounds decent . Is that the only option ? : that case , we also have a 3 star hotel near the beach shopping . They offer free wifi and parking This package is September to and for business seats this will cost 2029.88 . User : Sweet ! So a and cheaper .. I like . What are the of the hotels ? Wizard : The first hotel was Coast the one is Hotel Tropic . User : Ok , thank you . Wizard : Would you like me to book one for you ? User : Could you tell me the user reviews on each before I make a final decision ? Wizard The Coast has a 6.37/10 guest and the Hotel Tropic a 6.77/10 guest rating . : Nice , nice . Let ’ s go ahead and book the Tropic Wizard Great ! I will send you a confirmation email Have a great day ! User : : slightly_smiling_face : User : Hi there I have been tasked bringing my big family on a trip ! We need to go between August 30 and September 20 . We got 13100 dollars to spend and are leaving from Dublin . Lets hear whats available in St. Louis Wizard would be to check for you How many adults children will you be travelling with ? User 6 babies and one wife and me Wizard : I can you an 18 day stay at a 5 hotel or a 14 day stay at a 3 star hotel . Which one would you like to hear more about first ? User : : 5 star ! Tell me more ! Wizard : With pleasure ! The Lunar comes with complimentary breakfast and wifi and has excellent reviews of . I can even offer you flights in business class for 9795.16USD so you would still well under budget . User : So if we went to Santo .. is available there ? Wizard : There I have a 4 star hotel that could visit for 13 days It is close to the beach and and includes free breakfast , wifi and . does that sound ? User : Sounds lovely as well . What would the price be ? Wizard again this package is well within you budget with the business class package coming out only 7417.75USD . User : Great ! Cheaper , but we do need to be cheap really . And could you tell me what would be available in SF Wizard : In San Francisco we only 2 and 2.5 star hotels . Would these interest you or are you looking for a fancier stay the ones I offered you in SL Santo Domingo ? : Yeah , not interested .. would be in San Francisco to see anyway so I 'll tell the old lady its all booked up except for a couple of dumps . I na book the SL 5 star - what is it to ? Wizard : I do not have information about nearby attraction . Would you like me to book it for you ? User : , lets book ! : smile : Thanks so ! Wizard : My pleasure , have a wonderful holiday your family ! : hello need to from north vancouver to fortaleza . 3600 . whats available Wizard : Hi ! User can you tell me dates available in fortaleza one adult Wizard : August 28th to September 12th are the only dates available . User : thats fine whats the hotel like Wizard : It 's a 3 star hotel near a park and shopping , free breakfast , wifi parking . User what if i increase my budget ? what can you find me then ? Wizard : How much would you like increase your budget ? User another thousand Wizard : There are other options . User : hello ................ Wizard : Hi : dont care when leave ........... be back sept 9 ............. waht can i have ... Wizard : Where are you leaving from ? User : queenstown .. Wizard : We have trips to Vitoria , Goiania and Minneapolis User : . whats available in Wizard 11 days and days trips User : dates ? Wizard : 30 to September 2nd , as well September 12 to September 15 User : ok , well , clearly u didnt listen to the i said i had to be back .... so ... where can i stay in chicago Wizard : 2 star and 2.5 stars hotel near airport or museum User gross . not interested how many stars would the in philadelphia from august 30 to september 2 be : 2 hotels User : I am not interested User : BRASILIA TO KYOTO , SEPT 4 . $ 4000 Budget GOOOO : Is this for one traveller ? User : YA Wizard : I have a package from September 7th 12th at the Quiet Garden Resort . those dates work for you ? User : DATES ARE BUT HOW IS HOTEL . ACTUALLY NO CAN U GET ME TO LEAVE EARLIER : I do have a trip leaving September , but it is not within your budget . Would you be willing to pay 5714.3USD ? User MAN HOW ABOUT 5000 . LETS MEET IN THE MIDDLE HERE Wizard : The trip leaving September 7th is 3604.73USD User : OK FINE BUT HOW IS THE HOTEL ? Wizard : It 's a 3 hotel guest reviews of 8.22/10 It is close to a museum and breakfast wifi are included in the . User : GET A ONE Wizard : We do not have hotels with more than 3 stars in Kyoto . User Oh ? K BOOK THE SEPT 7 TRIP THEN Wizard : I will do that ! User : Two tickets from Toronto to Dublin please ! Wizard : Hello ! for when ? User : August or after please , flexible on the date Wizard : I have nothing to Dublin ! We do have many other destinations to choose from as we offer in all over the world . Can I interest in a different destination ? User : well , could you try Miami then ? Wizard : I that Miami is not one of the destinations we offer from Toronto . Are there others ? User : No there are not ... time to write up a scathing review of this service User : Hellllo ! I am bringing my spouse and on a little getaway : +1 : skin-tone-4 : Wizard : to ? User : ’ ve got a 3500 dollar budget and wan na see what is available in Cleveland . We sick of the sun Porto Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : We have vacation days from August 27-September . Septemeber 13 , sorry Wizard : There are no flights from Porto to Cleveland . there different location you can fly from ? User : Ahh hm well no , but we would be open to going Pittsburgh Wizard : I sorry but there is nothing Porto Alegre to Pittsburgh within your budget User : And for Porto Alegre to ? Wizard : There is nothing within budget for this either . User : What about in Santos ? Wizard : There is a 4 star hotel near shopping includes free breakfast and wifi and is from 1st to 4th and costs . There is also a 3 star hotel near shopping , includes free breakfast and wifi from September 4th to 13th and costs 2154.10 for business class seats , if you for longer vacation User : ! Ok what are the hotel names Wizard : Hotel Globetrotter for the 2154.10 and Elite Estate Hotel for the 1906.92 . User : Ok , I like it . Can we book Globetrotter ? Wizard : Sounds great ! You will get a confirmation email within the next 20 minutes Have a day and thank you ! User : Thanks slightly_smiling_face : User : Belem to Busan . Aug 28 or later $ 6200 budget . hotel you got capisci ? Wizard : You would like to a trip to Busan , from Belem deparing on Aug 28th ( or later ) under $ 6200 dollars . can help you with your request but you must tell me number of people in your group . : 1 person adult : The best I have available in Busan during that time period is a 3 star hotel . User : that the best hotel in Busan , period ? Wizard : During those travel dates , is all that is presently open . User : about during travel date Wizard : I only show 3 star hotel our roster of in Busan User then get me the one with the user rating Wizard : If you depart on the of August , I can offer you the Smile Hotel for 7 days for 5931.24USD . It has user rating of 7.06/10 . User : I already told you I n't leave that early . 28th or later Wizard : You are in luck , I also have it a 12-day package departing on August 28 and the price is 5288.4USD special deal . : Done done and done Wizard : have reserved that you with an August 28 departure . Thank you and have a pleasant trip . User : me on the next flight to Milan baby . I ’ m out in Puebla Wizard : Sure do you have a budget in mind ? User : , but just to be clear I want the best hotel in town Wizard : I have 4 star to offer you . One is a 16 day trip and the other is 11 day trip . You leaving August 26th and 27th respectively . Does one suit you better ? User : Yes get out on the . Is the rated well by guests ? Wizard 8.37/10 : Ok yes that will : Great I proceed with the booking ? User : Yes chief Wizard Consider it done User : two business class tickets from Birmingham to Montreal ASAP : I have a 5 day package at the 4 star Illustrious Hotel . With flights in class costs 4131.57USD . Shall I book this for you ? You would September 6th and return the 10th : Ok thats not too bad but I neglected to mention one detail I need to be back before 5 Wizard In that case I offer you 5 days at the Twin Canyon Inn and Suites 4131.50USD User How good is the hotel ? Wizard : It is a 2.5 star hotel , so as fancy as the previous one but customers have given it a 8.86/10 review it is close to the beach . : That exactly 2.5 stars below what a superstar of my stature deserves . Ok forget Montreal then Can you get me into the swankiest hotel in Wizard : You are in luck ! We an 8 available at The Regal Resort which has 5 stars for 5684.84USD . Is this more what you had in mind ? : Thats more like it What are the dates ? Wizard : you think so ! The are August 30th to September 5th . User : My expectations for you weren ’ t that high to begin with but I have say ’ ve exceeded them . Book for two adults Wizard : ! You will get a confirmation shortly . User : hi there , wayward daydreamer on the line ... i live and work in madrid , but if i were to go to , say , naples… could you tell me about it ? Wizard : Do you a budget ? User : i do , but in theory i would to know whats out there first Wizard : I will tell you our 3 best packages User : great ! hit me with it Wizard : Our first package is a 4 hotel , departing August 31st and returning 6th . hotel offers free wifi and breakfast . This business class package comes to a grand total 861.91 . User : nice , nice two ? Wizard Our second best is at 3 star hotel , departing 31st returning September 7th . The offers free breakfast and wifi . This business class package comes a steal at User and the third ? Wizard : Our last package at the 4 star hotel , departing 27th and returning the 31st . The hotel offers breakfast and wifi . economy class package to . User : Oh ! thats the same , just dfferent dates ? Wizard : Two different hotels . The 4 star hotel called Tower Hotel and the 3 star hotel is called Courtyard Resort . User : ok but i meant that both 4 star packages are the same hotel… correct ? Wizard : The hotels are the same User : ok ! Wizard : Would you like to book ? User : so , i was also wondering about trips to whats it look like the options are ? Wizard : There is a 3.5 star hotel near a park that free breakfast , wifi , and parking , Wolf Inn , and a 4 hotel near a park that offers free wifi , Olive Summit Hotel . The package for Wolf Inn departs September 2nd and returns on the 14th and costs 3043.41 for business class . The best package for Olive Summit departs August 31st and returns September 11th and costs 3192.94 for business class . User : about in Mexico City ? Wizard : Our best packages here are at the Exalted Willow Resort Suites . This hotel has a 3.5 rating , close to beach , and shopping mall , they also offer free wifi and parking . The first option departs September 2nd and returns on the . This business class package costs 2594.97 . second best is September 1st and on the 7th business class cost is 2313.56 User : sounds beautiful .. would LOVE to stay on the beach and have free parking : heart_eyes : well , i didnt come here to book anything today but appreciate you telling about out Wizard : Okay glad I could help you explore some options . Have nice day ! User : , you User : Ok so I need to get from Vitoria to a bunch possible places between 2 and 21. budget is strictly can you first look at paris pls Wizard : Are your dates flexible at all ? User : It just needs be within that time period Wizard : you prefer a 6 or 12 day ? User : 12 days Wizard : I have a 2 star hotel available with wifi departing on 30 and returning on Sept 10 . price on this 12 day package $ 828.33USD . Is this of interest to you ? User : Its not bad . But want see there 's better options elsewhere you check , for the same parameters , Punta Cana ? Wizard : For the record , that package is the Muse . I will now proceed with your second . To Cana , Dominican Republic from Vitoria Spain I have 15 day and 21 day stays open . Which would you prefer ? User : 21 if it fits the dates I gave you . Whats price Wizard : That package departs on Sept 2nd returning on Sept 21 . The price for this 21 day stay including flights , is $ 1654.42USD . please note that there amenities this package . User : Oh ok I might be able to put up with that . Ok let me ask one city : what you got for Curitiba ? Wizard : A 12 day stay at the Market Palace , located on the beach is $ 2113.27USD This package includes all the amenities such as free wifi , breakfast and . User : Its how many options there for my budget . Ok since the Punta Cana trip is the longest , I 'll take that one Wizard : I will confirm your stay at the La Estrella del Mar for 21 days an economy class flight for a grand total of 1654.42USD . We appreciate you using our services User User Salvador to Recife , Sept 1 for 1 , $ 1000 budget . I want the best hotel in Recife Wizard : The upscale hotel offer you is The Glee . Have you heard of it ? User : How many stars does it have Wizard : It has 4 stars user reviews of 8.22/10 , close to a park and it offers wifi and free breakfast its guests . User : Ok yes that sounds promising . What are the dates can get me Wizard : I have an 8 stay for you from September 8th the 15th If you prefer to leave on the 1st I have a star I could offer you instead . User : No I want the hotel . Actually on that topic . Could I get an even better hotel if I doubled my budget to 2000 ? : The Glee is most luxurious hotel we have in that city . User : I ’ m convinced Book it Wizard : Glad to have been able to help you ! I 'll proceed with the booking . Enjoy the rest of the ! User : I need to get me Sendai from Washington , on the 30th of August Wizard : I have several options for you . What is your budget and what kind of hotel are you looking for ? User : The best hotel . I 've got $ 3300 Wizard : The best one I can offer you is Hotel Kirei which stars and excellent reviews from past guests . User : Is that the best one in Sendai at any price ? Wizard : With a higher budget I would have several hotels for you to choose from but also have 4 . User : Do any of them have higher reviews than the Kirei ? Wizard , the Oishi has higher customer satisfaction . User : Ok that sounds like the best choice then . What dates can you get me Wizard It a day trip from September 7th to 15th . User : I ’ d really like to get there earlier if possible . Wizard : For 3493.44USD I can you an 8 day stay at the same hotel from September 2nd to the 8th . It 's over the initial budget gave me but would you prefer that ? User : Yes I think I can make that work . LEts do Wizard : Excellent , I make sure to book it for you . User : : : User : hey Wizard : Hi ! How can assist ? User : im in an empty office , once . dreaming about . im south of the border in ciudad juarez . i havent got the ability take any time off right now unfortunately , but got 5 thousand bucks saved up for can take time off . so whats available in alexandria for that price ? Wizard : There 's a 3 star hotel a . It includes free breakfast , wifi , and parking . trip departs September 8th and returns on the 13th . Business class flight costs 1109.95 and economy costs 926.57 . User : not bad . but also amazing i could always just take a trip for me i suppose… instead of visiting .. where could i stay if went to goiania Wizard : Scarlet Palms Resort . 3.5 star rating . Near park and . Amenities include free breakfast , wifi , and parking . Departure is August , return date September 9th . Costs are 4653.52 for business and 3598.52 for economy . Another package departs August 28th and returns September 15th . Costs are 4148.88 for business class and 3208.28 economy . : i splurge on business class : heart_eyes : so I take it Scarlet Palms is the only one you ’ ve got availabilities at ? Wizard : Yes . User : hmm ok , ok. anything impressive in Brasilia ? Wizard : Our best is at a 3.5 star hotel , Parallel Angel . Departing August 29th and returning 8th . The hotel is park , beach , and , with free breakfast wifi and parking included . The cost 3983.20 for business class . User : I love the sounds of that thanks its been a pleasure dreaming with you User : Have you ever read the book `` Vernon 's Travels `` ? Wizard : I do your question . I can only you search a database for the best trip opportunities on-line . Therefore , I will require a departure and a destination User : How much would it cost to get two adults and a child from Monterrey to Paris for 14 days ? Wizard : Could you please provide a desired departure date User : Totally flexible . But I need spend less than 4700 Wizard : I will now look for packages under $ 4700 to Paris ... I have found but I am afraid that they do not meet your . can continue search for you provide me with new guidelines . : If Paris is a no-go , how about Kingston ? Or just look into shorter trips for me Wizard : I found a package meets all needs it is only an 8 day at the Cosmos Inn - in Kingston , departing on Sept 8 and returning on Sept 15th . This package is available for price of $ 4142.76USD and includes unlimited wifi parking and breakfast at no additional cost . User : Wow that seems decent Any chance I could book this but for a longer time period ? Wizard : No is only accessible for an 8 day or a 5 day stay . User : fair enough that seems like my best option then Wizard : Would you like me to proceed with booking ? User : Yes Wizard : Your choice package has been booked . User : just here at the white house out of town touring , campaigning blah blah blah secret work supposed to be thrilling ! ! i wasnt expecting to just stand around guarding the bathrooms .. making sure the help use the first lady 's toilet i wouldnt mind running from it all to be honest start small .. what could i get to denver for ? : from washington to denver ? User : yeah , tahts right . ive got just under 6 grand savings Wizard : Which dates^ : no dates Wizard : I see . We 9 days trips in 4 star hotel 502.62USD , and 572.79USD in business tirp User : wow cheap ! and i could get away from this for a week and a half how would trips look from here to Montreal ? : Where would you to go ? User : ? Wizard : have at 4 star hotel at 1256.84USD 1561.99USD in business clas User : wow , not as expensive as i thought to fly across the country whats the hotel located near ? whats the include ? Wizard : Free parking and free wifi User hm . and the location ? whats it look like & gt ; Wizard Near market and mall . User : ok. interesting i suppose is that the only available Wizard : also have a 2.5 star hotel with 8.86 guest rating that is near beach . includes free parking , breakfast and wifi , @ 1561.71USD User : ok .. so still very affordable . you , another place ive dreamed of since i was a small lad is . can you look at whats available in Osaka Wizard : we have 10 days and 12 days trip at hotels ranging from 3.5 stars to 4 stars User : can you me more the 4 star hotle how long would that trip be ? Wizard 10 days 5564.37USD , near park and museum User : lovely and what about the 12 day trip ? : 3 at 3564.28USD or 4637.20USD in business class free breakfast and free wifi User : and is that hotel near anything of note ? Wizard : near a museum User thanks ! User : Hey hey . Got 6 days off starting Sept . Flying out from Cleveland . Got any recommendations ? Wizard : ? : Willing to splurge its an attractive option ! Wizard : Can you leave 8th ? We have a holiday to Naples that starts that day . User : Yes that be ideal actually Wizard The package includes a stay Courtyard Resort which boasts 3 stars and 8.8/10 for user reviews . It 's in the of Naples and close to a museum . What do you think ? : That sounds really good to me but I would like to weigh my options a little first . Do have any other destinations to show ? Wizard : I can also suggest trips to Philadelphia , but those only September . Is that too late for you Lets hear about the trip to Philadelphia Wizard : Sure , this is a to Philadelphia , US . With this package you would stay at a 2 star Mirror Inn close a museum and a park . User : Thats alright but I ’ m a disappointed with the hotel . Chicago offer a better one ? Wizard The hotel Chicago has 2.5 stars How fancy of a hotel you hoping to stay ? And by that I mean how many stars User : I hoping for something similar to the one in Naples . Ok thats fine though . How much would the Naples package ? Wizard : 2998.72USD with economy and 3862.24USD business class plane tickets . User : Ok book me for and lets it a day Wizard : Sounds good ! will proceed with booking User : thank you kindly User : im leaving from belo horizonte . send me to dallas Wizard : How many people ? User ahh . two : Nice ! When would you like to leave and do you have a budget ? User no budget darling leave asap Wizard The earliest package we have available leaves August and returns August 30th . This is at Winter Arc , a 2.5 star hotel in the heart of Dallas near a museum The hotel also offers free breakfast and wifi . The business package costs 5554.80 . User : 2.5 stars going do sadly . anything better , leaving shortly after ? Wizard : This is the only hotel available . Do you have different destination ? User : well , far less options available than your competitors .. strike . i tijuana would do as a destination Wizard : There two hotels available , Resort Covert which is a 3 star hotel , and Hotel Perfection which stars . User : i could leave from london if need .. what would i looking at then ? Wizard : There is nothing more than 2.5 stars . : tragic User : Can I take my wife and son from Madrid to Santos for 4800 ? Wizard : Let me check that for you ! No flights from Madrid to Santos . User : and ? Wizard No from Madrid to . : wow User : PUebla Manas for 2 adults please ! Wizard : I 'm afraid we do not currently have any available flights those cities . Any other destinations can search for you ? : how bout puebla to fukuoka Wizard : You could stay for 10 days at Oceanside Hotel for 6371.69USD . User : is that a good hotel ? Wizard : It depends what you are looking . one has 3.5 stars and is located in the heart of the city . User that is not a good hotel is there a better one Wizard : do not have hotels with than 3.5 stars in Fukuoka User : i guess we ’ ll have to settle that ... offer business class flights at least Wizard : Yes we do , with flights the package costs 8275.17USD . : ok thats more like it just so i can okay about my decision what amenities at the hotel ? Wizard : You have free wifi . : Wizard That is the only amenity by this hotel . If you would also want free breakfast I can offer you 10 days at Historic Mansion is a star hotel . User : No thats last straw , we are taking our business elsewhere User : Hey I 'd like to take my wife five kids somewhere nice , just wanted to do some research We would be leaving San Jose , and were looking into some places Do you have anything between there and Queenstown between Sept 1-16 ? Wizard : Hi . I regret inform you that flights from Jose to Queenstown are not provided with your packages . User : How about Punta Cana Wizard : Flights to Punta are not either . Any other places I can look you ? User : Frankfurt Wizard : Frankfurt is also not a we serve from San Jose . User : Say With just 1900 dollars and little more than a dream , could I make it from Seattle to North Vancouver ? Wizard : We have a 2.5 star hotel near the beach , departing August 30th and September 9th Business class costs 1142.65 and economy costs 962.46 . User : but , for even more of a hard-hitting pacific fog/rain/drizzle getaway… where oh where might he be able to stay in San Juan ? Wizard : There is day at a 2.5 hotel The hotel is close to and offers free breakfast and wifi . Departing flight is September 1st , September 13th . Cost is 892.82 for business class . User : and if I took my little nineteen nest egg flew on over to Miami . what might that look like ? Wizard : Where do you want to leave from ? User : alas Seattle is what i call “ home `` Wizard : There 's a 3.5 star hotel the airport , 2nd and returning on the 10th . 1096.28 is the price for flight . User : Burlington to Busan . Aug 30 to Sept 10 . Got a flight dude ? Wizard : I do ! I have 6 or 7 day the Lethargy Hotel . User : Not bad how much it cost ? : Would you flight seats in economy or business class ? Can I get business class for less than 5000 ? Wizard : Yes With business the 7 day package is 3781.35USD and the 6 day one is 4461.76USD . User : Is the day package at better hotel ? Wizard They are at the same hotel . User : Ok as long as it fits in my dates ’ m ok with the 7 day package Wizard : The dates for that are September 1st to 6th . Can I book it you User : why not Wizard Excellent , you will receive a confirmation shortly . Where can this guy go for 2400 ? ? I live in Mexico City . been dreaming of a trip to Milan : Would you like to book a trip ? I can help you with that . Is Mexico City your departure and Milan your destination ? User : yes Wizard : dates of travel ? User : none yet . as in 'm not sure . just tell me whatever is in your system and i will ponder the Wizard : do not have any in Milan from City User : Really . you have packages baltimore then ? Wizard : no User : i came here to , not to get nightmares . i 'll give you one last chance mexico to munich or i hang up Wizard : I apologize we do not have flights out of Mexico User : i do not apologize i never be using this service again User : Hello , so , need the BEST hotel in Tokyo that 6100 dollars can me . I 'm taking off out of , heads up , and leaving August 27th Or after .. Wizard : I only 3 star hotels User : 7100 dollars .. what then ? ? ? : 5187.40USD can get you to a 3.0 stars hotel with spa and free wifi flying class : I do n't reckon I 'll be finding any hidden celebs there .. Thanks anyways I suppose User : i am daydreaming late and i want think about maybe possibly going to phoenix Wizard : Hello , can I help ? User : leaving from porto alegrie can i get to phoenix for 4600 ? Wizard We have 15 days trip at near museum and airport , 3211.27USD business class . includes free breakfast parking and wifi User : WOW . perhaps i could go across the ocean on my ... paris is supposed to be lovely this time of year . whats available from porto to paris ? Wizard : We have 7 days trip at 4339.88USD in 4 star hotels in business class or 2401.95USD in economy class . Its near a palace User : Just ! pretttttty neat whats Paris got to offer ? Wizard : 7 days at 4 star hotel for 2686.56 flying business class . User : nice , nice . can you tell me a more about hotel Wizard : near museum , guest rating 8.86 includes wifi User : wonderful well I ca n't book anything right now .. I 've got ta get back to work User : there , I need to go from Minneapolis to my internship but don ’ t have much money to spare . Could I do Detoit for less 1400 ? Wizard Do you need to be there for certain dates ? User : I do . needs to between August 27 and Sept 8 Wizard No worries I have 2 packages to offer you The Regal Resort . The first is 7 days from August 28th to September 3rd and the second is days from August 27th to September 1st . This is a star hotel with free wifi , breakfast and and it has guest reviews of . User : Thats all under my budget ? Wizard : Yes ! You even fly in business class and would still be under budget . User : incredible ! The problem is , I want to find a longer stay if possible , even if it means changing city . Can you share the for Fortaleza ? Wizard : Unfortunately we do not have flights between those cities . Is there anywhere else you were considering goin ? User : Yes , please for Puebla also Wizard : I slightly longer stay to offer here : 9 days at Los Campeones . is a 4 star hotel with free breakfast , and parking and once again even business class tickets would be an option for you . User : Wow Ok that sounds like the best choice . Please book this one for me Wizard : No problem ! I 'll go ahead and book it for you right now . Enjoy your trip ! User : Thanks : hola . I in Miami Wizard : Hello ! User Me and terrific are a little trippy . That ’ s adults , 2 children . And we would like to travel between August 27-30 Wizard : Where would you to hypothetically go User : Wherever ! BUT 14900 for all of , total , please Wizard : The only thing available is a trip to Dallas User : whaaat ok Dallas it is ! Details ? Wizard : They offer free and wifi . Departing August 27th returning on the 30th This trip costs 9324.44 for the package and 7473.33 for economy . User : Fantastic ! Is it on the beach by chance ? Wizard : Unfortunately no . User : Ah shucks . oh well Lets do it ! Wizard : or ? : Lets splurge for business ! Wizard : Great ! Your flights been booked ! Safe travels ! User : Thank kindly : smile : User : Get me to Milan I said . I need a flight departing Aug 26 from Kingston Wizard : How can I be of assistance ? User : KINGSTON TO MILAN Wizard : Do you have a departure date ? User : August 26 MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO REPEAT ? ? Wizard : I do not have flights to Milan from Kingston . Can I be of further assistance ? User : No You not User : I need to get from Osaka on Sept 1 or Wizard : Osaka is not a destination that we have packages in from your city . User : Then I will my search elsewhere User : am the happy father of 3 children Wizard : Hello ! User : And I would like to them with a family trip to Berlin ! Wizard : From where ? User : Kingston Wizard : What is your budget ? User : Eight thousand six hundred dollars Wizard : How many adults ? User : Two ! : When you like to leave ? User : August 30th at the earliest Wizard : There is 5 star hotel , September 3rd and returning on the 14th . This business class flight costs 7649.24 User : Heyyy five stars , there we go Can I hear some more ? Wizard : The other option is at another 5 star hotel , departing September 8th and returning on the 15th . This business flight costs 7944.94 . User : Oh , sorry , I should ’ ve clear . I meant more information but you can give me some info on both now : smile : Wizard : Yes , the first package has a 8.86/10 guest rating and offers free breakfast and wifi The second package has a 8.8/10 guest , is near a , and offers free breakfast and wifi . User Well well well . place it beat in the user ’ by .1 The first package , the isnt near interesting ? Wizard : Not according to what my database . User : Well , lets explore options Paris Wizard : We have a 4 hotel near a museum and palace . Price is 8230.26 for business seats . 9.16/10 guest rating . Free breakfast and wifi . Departing August 30th , returning September 6th User : Wonderful guest rating ! what might be available in St. Louis ? Wizard : best package for this is a 5 star hotel , 8.98/10 guest rating , free breakfast and wifi business class flights , 31st and returning September 13th , all for the price of 6606.14 . : Lots of swanky hotels to choose from ! , based on length of trip , that one to SL sounds like a great deal . I think wan na go ahead with booking that Wizard : ! Your is booked You will get a confirmation email the hour . Have nice day ! User : Hello hello : slightly_smiling_face : Looking to take the family nice next month . HAve 12400 on hand . How much it cost to children and two adults from London to Belem For around weeks Wizard : I only one option for you in Belem and it is an 8 day holiday at a 4.5 star hotel on the beach . It would cost 9362.72USD with economy flights and 11981.95USD with business flights . Would you like to know more or is the package than what you are looking for ? User : Wow that actually really good . But the wife wants me to explore all avenues so can look into trips to Sao Paulo as well ? Wizard : Sao Paulo we only have 5 or 6 day packages , would you still like to know more about them ? User : Yeah sure lets hear it Wizard : I Deluxe , a 3 star , for 5 or 6 days , Azure Hotel a 2 star hotel for 5 days or Hotel Primavera a 3 star hotel for 5 days . any of these catch your attention ? : Not really to be honest . Ok how about sf Wizard : One option in San Francisco would be a 9 day stay at the Antique Sword Suites has 2.5 stars and is close to a museum . User : an option for a ? Wizard : No , unfortunately I do not have fancier hotels to offer you in San Francisco . User : Ok I ’ ll need double check with my wife first if you don ’ t Thanks for your help ! User : SL to Rome , what hotels you ? Wizard : Good day , I will help you your booking . Would you have departure dates and number of people ? User : 2 people . Departing ASAP . Back before Sept 14 Wizard : All of our packages from St. Louis to Rome are a 10 day stay . Do you have special requests concerning hotels ? User : They just have to be the best Wizard : All of our in , except for 1 , carry a 4 star . I can give the price on the most expensive . User : Does the most expensive one have the highest guest rating ? : The Hotel Residence is $ 9455.55USD and has a 8.8 /10 star rating . Our earliest flight departs on Sept 2 . User and return date ? Wizard : September 10 . At that price , we have placed you business class all the way . User : Good , I 'm glad you did that . Ok just check Miami quickly . Whats the best hotel you can me there ? Wizard : 3.5 stars located near the airport User : Yea ... lets go with Rome instead then . Book Wizard : have taken care of the booing for you . Have a good trip . User : THANK YOU ! User so im following a special someone around the ... I need to get form Busan to Mexico City Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : yes 5 thousand Wizard : we have 3.5 star and 3.0 star hotels ranging from 5 days to 11 days User : well how about for 6000 Wizard : I am sorry , thats all I User : THIS IS WHAT I NEED : TIX FOR 3 ADULTS FROM TO SENDAI . LEAVING SEPT 2 OR CLOSE AFTER THAT . CAN I GET THIS DONE FOR & lt ; $ 2400 ? Wizard : I 'm afraid that I have one seat left on a flights between those cities . User WHAT ? ? HOW ABOUT BERLIN TO Wizard : I can offer you an day package leaving September 6th . The three you would stay at Atlantis Peaks Resort which boasts stars . can even book on business class tickets if you would like and the total cost would still be well below your budget . : THAT SUPERB PLEASE DO ! Wizard : So just to confirm you want me to book you for this 8 day package in Frankfurt business class flights ? User : Yes and yes Wizard : Perfect , it 's booked ! User : : pray : : ok so im following this celeb AGAIn . trying to go to Hamburg now i want depart from Tijuana i wan na leave the last day of august Wizard : do you have a budget ? User : Yes 4900 dollars Wizard : we have trips 1582.11USD 2272.66USD or 3031.0USD User : What kind hotel ? Wizard 3 stars User : That 's it Wizard : I am sorry User Good evening Wizard : Good evening User I think what I need is to travel , but no time . I saved up $ 3200 , would I be able to get out of Valencia and Busan Wizard : for Busan are presently unavailable from Valencia User : Calgary ? Wizard : Packages to Calgary are presently unavailable from Valencia User : Berlin ? ? ? Wizard : Packages to Berlin are presently unavailable from Valencia User : : disappointed : : disappointed : : disappointed : Ok one last try How about Wizard : Packages Milan are presently unavailable from Valencia . We you check back us at a later date . : You did what you could , and for I am grateful ... friend User : OMG . I AM LATE AT WORK DREAMING ABOUT A TRIP I LOVE TO DREAM REAL JOHN LENNON FAN ME I GUESS I AM GETTING THE HECK OUT OF BRASILIA Wizard : There 's a 4 star hotel near a museum , cathedral , and in heart of the city . Free and wifi . 8.37/10 guest rating . Departing August 26th returning September 4th . Business flight . Total price is 3724.84 . User : WOW AMAZING CATHEDRAL . CLASS TOO , HUZZAH ! OK NOW TRY VITORIA Wizard This is a 3 hotel in the heart of the . 0/10 guest rating . Free breakfast , wifi , and parking . Departing August , returning September 13th . Business flight . Total price 2534.45 . User : GREAT PERKS LONG GOOD PRICE WONDERFUL BUT BALTIMORE HUH Wizard This is a 3 star hotel . 7.06/10 guest rating Free breakfast , wifi , and . Departing September 4th , returning September 15th . Business class . Total price is 4361.62 . User : i .... i am the biggest popstar . IN THE WORLD I wan na take a lowkey trip . somewhere beautifully hot porto i want to leave from athens : I have 6-9 12 days trip User : the length of stay is less to me than the rank of the hotel what is the rating : We a 4 star hotel near the beach for 2058.63USD User : 4 sounds pretty decent i suppose . what are the of departure return Wizard : 6 to 11 User : what do you have available in Cordoba Wizard : We have stars hotel at 15 days and 13 days User : 's exactly what i need . what are the dates i need to return september 14 : yes , sept 1st to sept 14 , 5 star hotels at 2606.32USD business class User : wonderful , book it for Wizard : ok that will be 5212.64USD . Thanks for your trust ! User : : smile : User : AM PAPARAZZI . Kingston to Toluca . How much Wizard : Our 8 day package to Toluca starts at 1969.40USD and 11 day one at 1669.7USD . User : Ok but mind you , I need a nice hotel . The best Wizard : Both these packages the Apex Hotel , star hotel . It is the only one we have available at the moment . User : Man I dont know . Are better hotels in Toluca in your database , if I change parameters ? Wizard : That really is the only one have available . User : Ok I will need to sleep on this User : Want to travel with me and my wife and young child from Birmingham Curitiba . 15 $ 4000 to spend You think you can make happen ? Wizard : How many children do you have ? User : 1 Wizard : I 'm we not have any packages 2 adults and 1 kid . Any other destinations you in User : How about Hamburg ? ? Wizard : In I can offer you an 11 holiday at Peter . It is close to a museum and is in the heart of the city . User : Is this a well-reviewed hotel ? Wizard : It a 3 star hotel guest reviews of 0/10 User : Yikes . Are there no other options as far as hotels ? Wizard : That is the package that accomodate your family . : guess we ’ ll to make do then . Does it have ok amenities ? Wizard : Yes ! It offers free breakfast , and all its guests User : Ok sold ! please enter a booking for us Wizard : Sure thing ! Thank you for using our service . User : Three words : Alexandria to . Please book a trip for . two adults . Leaving ASAP , returning before Sep 6 Wizard : I would like to comply with your request , but I have nothing in Cancun for you . User How about Paris ? ? Wizard : Neither User Ok what if we leave from Kingston . could you get us to Paris then ? Wizard I sure could and I would have you back by the 6th . Would you like to leave on the 27th the 30th ? I have day stays on those . User : How 's the hotel though ? : 4 stars all around . Both include wifi and breakfast but one of them is near the museum the palace . User : like to be away from the crowds if possible , so probably the hotel which isnt . Though whats the guest ? Wizard : 8.49 / 10 whereas the one near museum and palace is 9.16 / : Wow thats enough of a difference to give us some pause . Yeah at end of the day take the one with the higher rating Can you get us business class flights ? Wizard : Yes at a cost of $ 4271.2USD . User : That ai n't no thing . Ok get us on that flight pronto Wizard : I shall ! User : Thanks User : yes hi . dublin to osaka Wizard : How many people ? User : 2 Wizard : 2 Adults or 2 children ? User : thats . adults : Budget ? User : NO Wizard : When would you like to leave and return ? User : leave whenever . i should be back for September 11 Wizard : We have a star hotel near and museum . The hotel has a 8.69/10 guest rating and offers free parking wifi . The package is from August 27th to September 4th and a business class flight for 10757.39 . mean… thats i guess . what do you have in : This is star hotel with a 8.86/10 guest rating and free breakfast and wifi . The flight is business class and is from 30th to September . The total cost of this is 5591.24 . User : that sounds lovely book it Wizard : Wonderful ! It is booked ! Have a nice vacation ! : hello Wizard : Hi : smile : how can I help you : slightly_smiling_face : User : i am leaving from osaka Wizard : Going where ? User : would to go to fortaleza . i dont care about the price Wizard : We 3 star hotels and 6 8 10 day trips User : not intersted whats available in tijuana Wizard : 2.5 and 3 stars hotels , 6 - 10 - 12 days User not interested User : Can I get to Pittsburgh from Naples ? Wizard : this for one person ? User : YEs it is jsut for me Wizard : how long would you like to stay in Pittsburgh ? User As long as it takes . Got $ to Wizard : Alright The longest trip I have for you is 10 from September 2nd 10th . Would those work you ? User : I think so . But you check out too ? Wizard : longest holidays there are 7 days long . User : Thats fine by Wizard : La Casa Del Amor has 3.5 stars and The Glee has 4 stars . Which one would you like to hear about first ? User : Tell me about the 4 star one Wizard : It has breakfast wifi , its close to a park and has guest reviews of 8.22/10 . User : Nice . How about Toronto Wizard : The longest package in Toronto is a 7 day stay at Richard which has 3 stars . Its close to a market and a cathedral User : richard say . and what if i wanted to to angeles Wizard : is the longest trip so far 14 days at a 3 star hotel called Secret Ribbon . It includes breakfast , parking and wifi . User : i have a to make can actually go on any of these trips but thank you for indulging me Wizard : Come back anytime ! User : will User : helllllo newlywed young lover here looking to skeedaddle off Sao Paulo for 9 days or our reception on august 27 in Athens . two us have about 2700 left after the wedding so keep that in mind Wizard : All we have is a 3 star hotel near a cathedral and theatre , free parking , breakfast , and wifi . This hotel also has a 5.14/10 guest rating . This package is from September 6th 13th , economy class and costs 2381.20 : im interested but can you check availabities for Porto before we book : There is nothing within your budget . User : ok , book Sao Paulo thanks ! User : miami to mannheim , september 4 , under 3200 : For a Sept 4th departure , we have a 12 day stay available at the Regal resort in Mannheim , Germany , a 5 star hotel , available under your budget in either economy or business class . User 5 stars ? i 'll take it . book the 12 stay please Wizard : Congratulations on your booking . User thank ! User : I need to get out of Salvador I do n't know if I can , but I want to . With 3400 can get me to Houston ? Wizard : I am sorry I dont anything from Salvador to Houston User : what to leon Wizard : We have 8 - 10 - 12 trips staying at 5 star hotels User : what kind of amenities at the 5 star hotel ? Wizard free wifi User : how about ... san juan Wizard 4 hotels for 10 days @ 2499.28USD User : Pittsburgh Wizard : we have 8 - 11 and 12 trip User : what about hotel ? Wizard : 3.5 and 2.5 hotels User : ok cool thanks ! just wanted to even though i ca n't book User : Hi there , I 'm looking for a trip for 5 between Tofino and Dallas . It needs to be between Aug 25 and Aug 28 Wizard : Will that be 5 adults ? : Yeah 5 adults Wizard : ! Are you leaving from Tofino or Dallas ? User : Leaving from Tofino Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : Unlimited budget : slightly_smiling_face : : There are results from Tofino . User : How about to Curitiba ? time for 11 adults Wizard : Unfortunately there are no flights leaving from Tofino . Is there another place you could leave from ? User : Thats the only place , but thanks for letting me know User : Hey there ! Wizard : You are now on chat , how can we help you today ? User : I am looking to go to Belem between August 27 14 . Lets see whats available from Ulsan Wizard : Do you have a spending limit for this trip ? : Nah not really Wizard : Will you be travelling alone or accompanied by anyone ? User : Just looking for me right now : From Ulsan to Belem , we have 7 , 8 or day available within dates . Which one is your ? User : What are the hotels like ? Wizard : For 8 and 10 day packages I have selection star hotels . For the 7 day package , I also have a 4.5 star hotel . User : Lovely ! And the date ranges ? Wizard : It all depends on which one you choose but I have as early as August 27 and as as Sept 8 . All packages return by Sept 13 the latest . User What if I left from Mexico City ? Wizard Mexico to Belem ? User : Yes Wizard : Same ? User : Yes Wizard : I have a wider of ratings on hotels from Mexico City . Which type of rating are looking for ? Are you looking for something near the beach ? User : Sure , beach side nice . And a 4 star rating at least Wizard : How long do you want to stay ? User : Does n't matter , just want travel within my date range Wizard : have a day package deal at Hotel Triumph , a 4 star rated hotel which includes all the amenities such as wifi , parking and breakfast . This package is from August 28 to 6 and can be booked on either economy class or business class . User : Lovely ! Can you tell me what is available in Indianapolis as well Wizard From Mexico City to indianapolis ? User : Yes smile : : Are you able to extend your stay until Sept 15 ? User : Sure , We could do that Wizard : I have plenty showing up as available once I extend the . These are all 9 , 14 and 15 day packages , particular ones of interest ? User : Great smile I do n't care too much the length the stay I want the hotel to be nice as possible Wizard : These are all 3 star hotels . nicest hotels available were from Belem . User Hmm ok , well what about from Ulsan to Indianapolis ? Wizard All and 3 star rated hotels for that time period . Everything else is booked . User : Ok well lets go back to Belem from Ulsan I like the Hotel Triumph Would it be available for my 6 colleagues as well ? Wizard : Unfortunately not User : Just the Triumph for one adult please ! Wizard : will be a of $ 7706.49USD a business class flight . I want confirm that business class is ? : Yes , business is ! User : there , ca n't book a trip right now because my life sucks , but I was you could look a few trips in case that changes me Wizard : Sure User : I live in Portland , and have 3500 to on this hypothetical trip . Are flights to Porto Alegre ? Wizard : Our best this is star hotel near a park beach , shopping , and mall This hotel a guest rating and offers free breakfast and wifi . This package departs September 6th and returns September 11th and is a business class flight . Total price is 2880.78 . User : Wow thats exciting . you mind looking up a flight to Baltimore as well ? : Our best package is at a 3 star hotel near a park with 8.69/10 guest rating and offers free breakfast , wifi , and parking . This trip is from August 27th to September 6th and business seats cost 1780.80 . User is this hotel near anything cool ? Wizard : Just a park from what my tells me . User : Ok nice I did n't know our so many destinations Does it also happen to have flights to Cordoba ? Wizard : best package for this is at a 5 star hotel a museum and has a 8.98/10 guest rating and also offers free breakfast and wifi . This trip is September 1st to 14th and business class seats included would cost 2353.95 . User : Thanks for your help in any but I got to go now Wizard : Great ! I look forward to hearing back from you ! a ! User : Hellooooo . I ’ m looking to get out of and check out Hiroshima Please me know what is available between August 27 and September Wizard Are the dates flexible User : No Wizard : I have 7 days from September 8th to 13th at 4.5 star hotel for 2964.61 $ : Whats close to the hotel ? Wizard : a museum User : OkWhat do you have available in Ciudad Juarez ? Same date range Wizard : I have 3 star and 3.5 stars hotels , for 11 13 days User : Anything on the beach Wizard Hotels are near museum , or market ... on the beach unfortunately : Anything on the beach or somewhat luxuiours in Fortaleza , leaving Valencia ? Wizard have 10 days , 8 days or 6 days trip : What are the like ? Wizard : stars hotel User : And on the beach ? Wizard : Near mall , park and museum User : Well what do you have available in Fort Lauderdale ? ? Wizard : 2 stars hotel near the market for 2605.86USD economy class 3364.5USD business class User Ah , not a 2 star . Can you tell me more about the 4.5 star in Hiroshima Wizard 2964.61USD for 7 days in economy or 3828.45USD business class . : is the hotel like ? Wizard : free near User : Ah , ok. Well lets go ahead and book Hiroshima Wizard : ok , I will do and you a soon as it is done User : Thanks User : Hi there , do you have flights out of Tofino ? Wizard : Unfortunately we do have any flights out of Tofino . : Thats a bummer User : Hi there , I 'm a father 2 little ones and 'd like to take my kids to visit Portland . We 'll be departing from Kobe Wizard : Is that 1 adult and 2 children User : Thats correct Wizard : Do have a budget User : Wizard : When would you like to ? User : ASAP Wizard : Do you have a date ? User : Try to get me back before Sept 11 if you can Wizard : There is from to Portland , sorry . User : We can also make Kobe to Fukuoka work if you got that ? Wizard : There are no results for this request either User Damn alright Thanks anyway User : there , I 'm trying buy a nice anniversary surprise for lovely parents . Wizard : Lovely ! I help you ? User : saved up 2400 , but I n't know what flights I can get you help me ? Wizard : Sure ! When would you like to leave and how many people are traveling ? User : It just be my Something between August to September 14 , as long as possible Wizard : Where will flight need to leave from ? User York : There are packages Monterrey , Long Beach , Sacramento , Las Vegas , and . User Which one leads to the longest trip ? Wizard : Our longest package is a trip to Monterrey ! Oriental Peaks Hotel is a 4 star hotel near a beach , museum , . hotel has a 8.8/10 guest rating and free , wifi and parking . This is a 17 day package August 29th to September 14th as you requested . This economy flight costs 2085.77 . Would you like to book this package : Wow that is phenomenal please book it for us ! Done ! This flight is booked ! you ! Have a day ! User Thanks , you too ! User : I 'm not having good so I 'm going to keep this short Wizard : Hi ! User : Get me a 6 day out of Phoenix starting this Saturday do care how much it costs , just get me something good Wizard We have a 4 star hotel near the beach , museum , and theatre Monterrey . This trip is from 27th to September 1st . The hotel has a 8.8/10 guest rating and offers free parking breakfast , and wifi . Business flight costs 1613.46 . Would you to this package ? User : Is that 6 days ? : Yes . User : My coworker went to Monterrey and she told me was n't that . 'll go if I have to but you got anything else Wizard : also have a day trip at a 3 star hotel near park and with a 9.32/10 guest rating and free parking breakfast , and wifi to Fortaleza , . The business flight 1872.58 and is from September 1st to 7th . User : I heard Fortaleza overrun with hipsters . Got anything Europe ? I have very refined tastes you know : These are the only trips we from Phoenix . User I suppose I 'll go to Monterrey Wizard : Alright I will book this for and you will receive a confirmation soon ! Safe travels ! User : Uh huh User : Ok I 'm turning soon Daddy promised that would get to take me and 7 friends wherever I wanted . Get me Sydney to Miami Mind you we only fly business class And stay at the best hotels Wizard : When would you prefer to go ? User Next week I can wait means you get me five star hotel Wizard Our highest rated hotel in the database is a 3.5 star hotel . User : Thats disgusting . How do I turn up at a 3.5 star hotel ? Ok look up then Wizard : have a 5 star hotel a 8.98/10 guest rating near a park . include wifi and a spa . This package is from September to September 15th business class which a total of 27240.35 . User : you got me any 5 star in the city ? You know , SL . Wizard : We have a 5 star hotel with 8.98/10 guest rating , with free breakfast and wifi . This package is August 31st to September 14th and business class for a total of . User Business class ? ? : Yes User : SL sounds good to us Wizard : I will book this you ! User : : +1 User : Hey there , so I 've got a little bit of a dilemma on my hands .. Wizard : day , we to help you book your best trip possible . can I today ? User : 've been rewarded with a company trip for me and some coworkers but destination is a subject of conflict . Our parameters the travel window being August 30 September 18 Wizard : What destinations were you thinking of ? User : And we are looking at Osaka first of all . That would be for 6 adults , all leaving from Burlington Wizard : We have 2 in for adults . The 4 star Hotel available for 13 days and the 3 star Hotel Opportunity available for days . Any preference ? User : Those both sound very suitable . What would the dates of travel for the Majesty Hotel Wizard : The Aquamarine Majesty Hotel is available from Sept 2nd to Sept It is located by the park and museum and offers free wifi and free . User : That sounds quite ideal . Just to appease some other difficult colleagues , would be available in Mexico City the same date range ? Lets search ... 2 adults Wizard : I have hotels available in Mexico City for 6 days and for days . Do you prefer the 12 day stay ? User : , please . The longer the better . What is the hotel like ? Wizard : Your 12 day stay at the Exalted Willow Resort & Suites , a 3.5 star rated hotel , will include free and free wifi . It is located near beach and close to shopping . The dates of departure and return are Sept 2 to Sept 13 . User : Well same dates for both ok I like both I guess lets see which package is cheaper . How much the package in Osaka Wizard : The price for 6 adults at The Aquamarine Majesty Hotel is 19573.81USD . The price for 2 adults the Exalted Willow Resort Suites in Mexico City is . User : That 's great , thank you . Ok , so there are a of on team I think ... Would both of these packages be available for 13 adults ? Wizard : The Aquamarine Majesty has for 13 people at cost of 42409.93USD . The Exalted in Mexico City has availability for 13 at 14481.44USD . User : I guess we should go with Mexico as it is noticeably more affordable Can you book that for me ? Wizard : I will proceed with booking the Exalted Willow Resort & Suites in Mexico City for 13 people from September 2nd to September 13th , 2016 . Confirmation will be sent to you shortly . User : Thank you so much : smile : n't wait ! User : hello . seeking travel from mannheim to portland will be travelling with me as well 2 of my so 3 adults . 12 kids total dates are irrelevant please just tell me whats available Wizard : I am sorry but my does n't return any results .. User : You can help me by looking for some trips , so that I can escape my problems if only for a short while I need get out of for a bit You flights to Leon ? I 'd like to stay there for 10 days , and I 'd like my wife and son Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : Not picky with dates , but I hope soon ! Wizard : Do you have a ? User : 5400 Wizard : Is different destination : works Wizard There are no results for this . Are you able to your budget ? User Unfortunately not I 'm not exactly good standing here you think of something here ... I really need trip Wizard : Do you have any other possible destinations User : Those were the only in mind . You got any other ideas ? Wizard : We have trips to Sydney , Osaka , Kyoto , Tokyo , and Kobe . User : These are all my budget ? Wizard : yes . User rather curious that I can get to Sydney but not Calgary But I suppose thats not fault In any case , can you give me more details ? Wizard : For Sydney ? User : Correct Wizard : This is a 4 star hotel near a park , 8.86/10 guest rating , free breakfast wifi , and parking , August 30th returning September 7th , economy class seats , 5279.67 User : Let me about Munich also Wizard : The hotel in is a 5 star hotel near a university , 0/10 guest rating , free wifi departing September 6th , September 14th , economy seats , 4635.19 . User : 0/10 guest rating ? ? ? Wizard : Correct . : That is rather frightening Ok I 'll ask my wife if Sydney is a destination and get back to you but thanks for all your help , I feel much better now Wizard No problem ! Have a nice day User : i am to explore options for an upcoming internship . i have a week off from sept 2-9 to see where i ’ d like to spend next 6 months have a 5800 budget and im leaving from la paz can tell whats available Ulsan Wizard : You are leaving sept 2 and 9 ? User I am leaving sept 2 and returning the 9 or within time frame Wizard : I 5 days at 5 star for 5462.71USD , or 5 days 2.5 stars hotel for 3735.33USD User : sounds lovely . about in nagoya ? Wizard : am sorry , I did find anything within that date range User : ok fine . how about in indianapolis ? Wizard : you dates flexible ? User : no Wizard : Sorry , I dont have anything within that date range to Indianapolis ... User : fine . i guess lets book the 5 star ulsan Wizard : you 're booked User : Get me a business class flight to Washington please . Coming in hot from SL Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : Unlimited , duh ! Wizard : Are you travelling alone ? User : Yes ma'am Wizard : When would like to leave ? User : ASAP but I 'm not picky Wizard There is n't anything to Washington but there are trips to Santo Domingo , Curitiba , Vancouver , Athens , and Buenos Aires . User Ok what if I leave from a different city than SL It could be any city Wizard There are n't any to Washington . User : Fine . What about ... if I went to Milan Wizard : you go to Milan , you would need to leave from Montreal , Tampa , Porto Alegre , Goiania , or Atlanta . User : I can get to Montreal , can I get business class seats ? Wizard : Yes ! a business class option ! Would you like more ? User : Yes please I 'm meeting my bestie and I 'd like to have a five star hotel in Milan Wizard : I can only offer you a 4 hotel from Montreal to . This hotel near a museum is in the heart of the city also has a guest and offers free breakfast and wifi . This package is from August 26th to September 13th , with business class seats this package costs 3066.91 User : Ok lets do it ... 4 star is n't great but that way the paparazzi wo n't suspect I 'm there either ! : Great ! You 're flights are booked for this package ! Have a great trip ! User : need a 5 star getaway in toronto beijing immediately Wizard : For how many people and your expected dates of travel please ? User : i need to be back august 25 Wizard : I do not have flights available from Beijing to Toronto . User : Indianapolis then Wizard : May I confirm the number of people travelling please ? User : 2 Wizard : do have flights available this time Beijing . User : hello . im getting married september 2 Kobe and need to book a honeymoon after that looking at going to Kingston for a week 5000 dollars max please Wizard : I have a 5 days trip at 4 User : tell more Wizard : Ebony Inn & Suites , 5 days @ 4301.0USD User : whats it like Wizard : free parking , breakfast , free wifi , near museum User : is the price for business flights Wizard : business flight : wonderful thanks , ’ ll get back to you User : let me get from Detoit to Kobe Wizard : For how many people User : Just me but I only got 900 : When would like to leave ? User : Saturday or shortly . Otherwise dates are flexible Wizard : There no results for your request Is there another destination you might have in mind ? : need to get Kobe , but can you it for me leaving from Athens isntead ? Wizard : There is nothing from Athens . User San Juan ? ? ? Wizard : Unfortunately there is nothing for this either . User : Am I out of luck ? : I believe so . There are no results for packages to with your budget . User : disappointed : User : Hi , got trips Jerusalem ? I don ’ t have a destination to focus on yet I just want to ensure that can find me trips leaving Jerusalem Wizard : May I have your dates of travel and number of people please ? User : No not right now . Just search flights from Jerusalem Wizard : With the limited information you have , I do not see any flight leaving Jerusalem . , by changing the parameters of search , I am able to more . User : Ok Check Jerusalem August 25 departure Wizard : I still yield no results for flights out of . Can I check other cities of departure for you ? User No , thanks User : Hey there ! I 'm looking to surprise the family with a little Leaving London from Sept 6 , trying to be back around the 24th . Can you tell me whats for Belem ? 2 adults kids Wizard Would you be looking 8 packages or 11 days packages ? We have 4 stars and 4.5 star hotels User : I would be interested in whatever I can afford with 6800 ! : We have a package 5952.41USD , at a 4.5 star hotel near the beach slightly_smiling_face User Wow that sounds fantastic : smile : Is breakfast and wifi free ? Wizard : Yes . free parking free breakfast , free wifi . Leaving on September 8th and coming back on September 14 . User : Sounds like a wonderful package , I 'm quite impressed ! What is available in Kobe ? Wizard : I have 8 days , 7 days trip or 5 days trip User : What quality the hotels ? Wizard : I have 4.5 stars for the days trip at 3414.7USD or 4411.89USD class . User : What is the hotel near ? What amenities are included ? Wizard : wifi . User : What is it close to .... Wizard : I am sorry I have that User , well , so far I 'm impressed with Belem . But just before we book can you check Berlin for me ? Wizard : I am sorry , I could n't find User : Well ok. That 's fine . The Belem package sounds lovely anyways . : You 're booked User : Thank User : By chance , can I take my family from Recife to ? Thats me , my wife , and my son We have $ to spend and ideally want to go for 12 days Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : that within the budget Wizard : Are you able to your budget at all ? : I 'm afraid not Wizard : Do you destination you 'd willing to visit ? User : If there 's nothing fitting our budget , then try Los ? Wizard : There is nothing from Recife to Los Angeles . User : hi I ’ m in urgent need of a flight home ! Wizard : I will verify what for you . Can you please me the city you are presently located and where you would like to go ? User : i ’ been informed of a emergency I ’ m stuck overseas in Tel Aviv . I need to get home to Boston ASAP Wizard : I regret that I not have flights available out of Tel Aviv at the moment . User : Oh no .. well I can get to Calgary for cheap .. what if I leave there Wizard : I 'm sorry do n't have any results . User : an internship with the UN , but they such cheapskates they ca n't pay for my flights ! only 3300 but I can choose from a number their offices oh yeah and the dates I need between August 28 and September 11 Wizard : are you leaving from and where would you like to ? User : from . can I get to detroit Wizard : have one result at 3 star hotel near a park and mall this hotel has a 8.86/10 guest rating free breakfast , wifi , and parking . The package is 28th to September 4th is an economy flight 3201.20 : like most things about this I was hoping a longer stay What if went to the Belem office instead ? Wizard : longest we have for destination is from August 28th to September 5th at a 4 star that is near the beach and . This hotel has a 8.8/10 guest rating and offers free parking , breakfast , and wifi . This economy class package is 3141.50 . User : I can also work in Santiago , is something to be there ? Wizard : There are no results for this . User The Belem option might the most sense then Wizard : Would you like me to book this ? User : Ok yeah do Wizard : Great ! Your flight has been booked ! a great day ! User : Thanks ! : slightly_smiling_face User : Burlington to Denver please Wizard : For how many ? User 1 Wizard : Not available . : Burlington to Fortaleza Wizard : available User : Burlington to Leon Wizard : Not available User : Burlington to Vancouver : Not available User : Ridiculous User : I just got a tip that Madonna might be going to Burlington Wizard : Where would you be leaving from ? User : I be leaving from Kobe you want you to book me the nicest hotel in Burlington Wizard : What is budget ? User : 4700 Wizard : When you to leave ? User : On or Sept 6 Wizard : The best package we have is a 3 star hotel near a park with a guest and free . This is from September 10th to 19th with and costs 3668.84 . User : Do you have nicer hotels in Burlington ? Wizard : The best are 3 stars . User : Is the one also the hotel with the best user rating ? Wizard : There is a hotel with a guest rating of 8.69/10 User : How would that cost ? Wizard : 3965.45 and this hotel offers free breakfast and wifi . is September to 25th and is an economy class flight . User : Would be it be possible to leave earlier for this hotel ? Wizard : The earliest is September . User : Ok thats possible . Whats the price there ? Wizard : The return date is the and costs 4628.60 for business class and 3583.24 for economy class . User : Whew ok Wizard : Would you like the business flight or economy ? User : business please Wizard : Great ! Your business class is booked ! Have a great ! User : : slightly_smiling_face : User : hello my pet . i have a little angel to see to in phoenix and i may leave from anywhere : Destination - Phoenix ? Departure - ? User : i must travel between seventh and seventeenth and with 1100 dollars at the most . i will depart from Louis i suppose Wizard : We do not from St. Louis to User : oh ! what about to atlanta ? Wizard : From St. Louis ? User : yes User : - looking to go to Sao Paulo and ’ m leaving Tofino Wizard : For how many travellers User : 4 adults . August 26 until 29 Price is flexible Wizard I apologize there are no packages in Sao Paulo Tofino at this time . : Fine . Let ’ s change the date to August 20 and the end date to September 5 Wizard : I do not have . User : hello need to get to curitiba . im going to to stay the most luxurious facility that you have and from santos on or after august 30th Wizard : I have 10 days , 15 or 16 days trip User : any of them under 1700 dollars ? Wizard : 16 days 3.5 stars hotel for 1416.47USD User : hm , 3.5 stars is the best you 've got ? Wizard : yes , the guest rating is 8.22 User : even with a 2700 dollar budget Wizard : Yes unfortunately User : is just the hotel ? Wizard : no there are others at 3.0 star : can you me details on 3.5 star Wizard : Crown Market Palace , near beach , parking , free breakfast , free : sound somewhat luxurious . ok i guess we should book it Wizard : It leaves on september 2nd and comes back on September 17 User : it thanks User : Hello there ! Wizard : Hello ! User : I m charge of booking a work trip . leaving from Beijing around August 25 we are looking at possibly going to Jersusalem Wizard How many people ? User : Try for for now Wizard : Nothing available from Beijing to Jerusalem that many people on that date : Ok .. how about 3 people , same date same departures but to Las Vegas instead Wizard : We have hotels in Las the either . User : Oh dear other city Literally Wizard : I have no flights out of Beijing User : Ok , thanks anyway User : My boss gave me 8 off ! Get me out of Kingston on Sept 6 , or shortly after Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : Not really ! ! I make good $ Wizard : Where would you like to go ? User : You tell me ! ! Open to ! Wizard : The closest package to your requests is 8 day stay September 8th to 15th at The . This is a 4 star hotel near a park they have 8.22/10 guest ratings , free breakfast and wifi . This business class package costs 2946.55 . User : Thats hard to turn down ! ! Would you happen have an destination for me ? I 've never been ! Wizard : No , sorry . We only have flights Germany , United States , Mexica , and Brazil . User : Ooh lets about you have in Germany Wizard : We have one package for Munich , Germany . is a 5 star hotel near a university it has a 0/10 guest rating , and free wifi . This package is from September 10th to 17th . The business class package 2336.16 and the economy class 1751.69 . : 5 star with 0/10 guest rating ? Forget that ! Ok you offer flights to the US , would you be able to me to SL ? Wizard : No , just Chicago and San . User : San Juan might be nice ... Whats the hotel there ? Wizard a 2.5 star hotel , 8.49/10 guest rating , near a museum , parking , breakfast , and wifi . From September 18th to 25th . Business class 2705.80 and class is 2150.88 . User Worth considering . Could you get me to Porto ? ? Wizard The only flight there is to Recife User : Recife is cool . Could I get a hotel near some attractions ? Wizard : Recife is an 8 stay from September 8th to 15th at The Glee . This is a 4 star hotel near a park they have guest ratings , free breakfast and wifi . This business class package costs 2946.55 . User : Ok thats all to know , I want ! : The to Recife ? : Indeed Wizard : Great ! This flight is booked for you ! Safe travels ! User : Thank you User : I WANT TO GO TO CANCUN FROM TEL AVIV AUGUST 25 UNTIL AUGUST 28 9 PPL ALL ADULTS NO BUDGET Wizard : I am sorry , but I dont have anything for 9 people User : NOT GOOD User : I just got an intership and I need to check out my possibilities Puebla to and have a 4300 budget to travel Septemeber second until september eighteenth Wizard : ca n't provide anything for you at the moment Minneapolis . Can I look up other cities for you ? User : Disappointing .. But yes , look at Rome Wizard : Nor to Neither of these destinations are Puebla . User : What in Atlanta ? Wizard : Nor Atlanta . User : This is HORRIBLE User : Hello Wizard : Hello , we hope to be assistance today User : I m looking to check out san fran I live in Rome I have a couple weeks from Sept 5-22 off to check out Sanf but only 2800 USD to spend Wizard : San Francisco is not one of destinations we service from Rome User I ’ m sorry , had a little brain blip .. I live in Vitoria Wizard : I have packages available from Vitoria to San Francisco : grinning : 8 and 14 . Which would you like information on ? User ! ! Are either of them under 2800 ? Wizard : Both you can even fly business class if you desire . User : What are the details ? Wizard : All the options are the same hotel Glorious Spring Hotel , a category 2 hotel to the park and museum . The 8 day departs 8 and 14 day package departs on Sept 9th . User : Is there anything from Vitoria to Cancun ? Wizard : I only have an 8 day option there , White Peak Hotel which is a category 3.5 at 2581.19USD . User : And is it located in heart of the city with good ? Wizard : It is by the cathedral and includes free wifi , parking and breakfast . User : My final option is Guadalajara Wizard : I have a hotel located with 10 and day packages available User : , and what ’ re the amenities there like ? Wizard : Excursion is a category 3 free wifi parking breakfast . A 10 day package is 2446.82USD . User : Hmm ok. And you said I fly business class to San .. much would that be : Wizard : It will 2612.62USD . User : Ok , but thats a 2 star . I think I will go Cancun instead please Wizard : Cancun I have White Peak Hotel - 8 , category 3.5 star for total of 2581.19USD via class User how much for ? Wizard : Only available on economy class User : Well that is Book Cancun please ! Wizard : I am booking of the the White Peak Hotel , category 3.5 at 2581.19USD from Sept 8 to Sept 15 . Thank you and have a safe trip . User : Yes thank you : smile : : Hi do you have packages for 8 adults from Tel Aviv to Vitoria ? Wizard : Hi ! Do you have a budget ? User : No , I do n't Wizard : When would like to leave ? User : August 26 , And return August 29 Wizard : are no flights from Tel Aviv or to Vitoria . User : What Tel to Goiania Wizard : There are results . User : I wanted to take my children - there are - and beautiful wife on vacation somewhere We would be traveling from Fukuoka , and have to spend Do you have flights to Santo Domingo ? Wizard : Sorry , I n't able to find anything User : Shucks . How about Belem ? Wizard : Nor for this one What ! Ok how about Los Angeles ... surely you have that Wizard : I am sorry but I am not able to any results with that . Come back to us later ! User : FAT CHANCE User : 3 adults kids , leaving from burlington , destination tbd Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : Wizard : I have a star hotel to Calgary 1318.84USD , or 1758.8USD business User : what other destinations do you have ? we 've already been to Calgary so we would prefer somewhere new Wizard : unfortunately this all have User What if I upped the budget to 2000 Wizard : I have trips to Las Vegas and Denver User : Denver sounds nice ! Could you tell me more about the package ? Wizard : 3 star hotel near museum university 1837.24USD in economy class User : Ok can you buck us between Sept 13 and 17 ? Wizard : Sorry we dont anything for these dates User : What 13 to 26 Wizard : Only Calgary is available for these dates User : thats a shame i 'll need to confer and get to you then User : i need trip under the radar from mannheim to fukuoka i need to be back here for august 30th Wizard : Do you have budget ? User no Wizard Is this for 1 person ? User no . two adults Wizard : We have one result for 3 star hotel in the heart of the city . This hotel has a 6.61/10 guest rating and offers free wifi . The departure flight is on August 27th and returning flight is on the 30th . Total price for business class is 7561.52 . : do you have available in Buenos Aires .. anything of a higher rating ? Wizard : There are no results for Buenos Aires . User : What if leave from Osaka instead of Mannheim ? Wizard : Nothing for this either . User fine , the Kobe package then : Kabul to Kingston , 11 adults Wizard : Sorry , I dont have any results User : Do you do flights out of KAbul ? Wizard no im sorry ! User : Hello ! I going to Kabul Wizard : Where from , pal ? User : Bringing many children - fourteen in total ! We leave 5 Adults we and the Wizard : How many adults and children ? User : I have already told you 5 adults and 14 kids Wizard : There are no results for this search . User : Get me and a friend onto a flight to Porto ! From where ? User : Jerusalem Wizard : am sorry , system does n't return me anything User : You and your system are TRASH me to Santo Domingo then Wizard : im sorry , maybe try another User : No apology You will get me trip or die trying Vitoria to Porto Wizard : Good news ! I have days trip in 4 stars hotel near the park and shopping mall at 2764.33USD or 3529.26USD flying class User : Thats more like it . need to be back before Sept 10 Wizard In that case only 3.5 stars hotel are available User : Say it n't so . Ok what if I from Vitoria to Santo Domingo Wizard : No results found . User : Usually I would n't want to be caught a 3.5 star hotel , but I 'm . Get us on that trip business class Wizard Great , I book it for you ASAP . Thanks for coming User : Hellllo ! I am taking a with my neighbour and her children Wizard : Hello ! I help you ? User : are going to see if we find a cheap packages somewhere under 12400 dollars . There will 3 adults and 7 children travelling and for now we just want to see what is of Montreal Between and 24 Wizard Our cheapest package is a trip to Punta Cana from September 7th to . This is a 2.5 star hotel the beach . The hotel a 0/10 guest rating . This economy flight costs 7090.70 . User : Fabulous , that is all 10 of us ? Not too pricey at all ! Wizard : Yes that is everyone . User : And are there any other places beneath our budget ? Wizard : There are packages to Kingston , Sendai , Sao Paulo , Minneapolis , and Kobe . User : Wow , sweet ! What would the hotel be like in Minneapolis/ Wizard : is a 2.5 star hotel , near university , free parking , wifi , and has a 7.15/10 guest . The business flight is 12081.44 and is from September 8th to 23rd . User : That ’ a nice 3.9 guest rating at least ! How about Sao Paulo ? Wizard : It 's 3 star hotel near a cathedral and theatre . The hotel has a guest rating and offers free breakfast , wifi , and parking . This package is economy package and is from September 7th to 20th . The price is 12052.95 . User : Not bad not bad . And Kobe ? Wizard : This is 3 star hotel , close to a and palace , 0/10 guest rating , wifi , September 6th to 21st , economy class seating , cost is 11168.17 . User : Ok , well , lets go ahead and book Kobe Wizard : Great ! Your flight to Kobe is booked ! Have a great day ! User : Thank you User : Hi there . I need to go from Beijing Montreal Sept 12-16 1800 max Wizard : I have no hotels available in Montreal for dates . verify other destinations . How many people travelling same time/ User : Hi there , I was wondering if you could do huge favour today Wizard : Hello , how can I help you today ? smile User : Where can I from Salvador free Wizard : am sorry , No results found . User What ! ! Ok about $ 400 Can I get anywhere on that budget Wizard : Yes , to Rio Janeiro or Manaus : No way ! What kind hotel should I expect in Rio Janeiro ? : We have a 3 stars hotel for 384.32 , 7 days User : Do you have anything for shorter ? only have 5 days Wizard : I am sorry , I dont have any 5 stay , shortest 6 days Manas User What if I left from Monterrey ? : Sorry , nothing for that either .. User : ! I 've been put charge of booking a little work retreat As a reward for our recent success ! Wizard : Hello sir/madam . How may I help you ? User : I wan na go from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem August 25 to 28 Whatcha Wizard : Nothing I 'm afraid . However I can check other destinations for you . User : Ok check Mannheim Wizard : Tel to Mannheim For how many ? User : For Wizard I have nothing available have a nice day . User : You think 're done with me or something ? ? ? I want go on a trip And I want leave from Tel Aviv Wizard I apologize , I nothing available from Tel Aviv to User : Hi there you do flights out of Belo Horizonte ? Wizard : Yes , to Vitoria , Goiania , , Minneapolis or Tampa User : I need to go to Cleveland though Wizard : We have 10 days and days trips available User : , can you a 10 day trip between September 6 to 21 Wizard So I got 2413.15USD at 3 stars in economy class or 3113.63USD business class . Hotel is near park & theatre and includes free parking , free , free wifi User : Would to inquire about trips to Long Beach also Wizard : 9 days or 7 days User : 9 please Wizard : 2236.40USD in business class and 1728.40USD in economy class User : Is the hotel good ? Wizard : 2.5 stars 6.91 guest rating . free parking , breakfast , free wifi User : Book me for Business class please but before you do can you confirm the ? Wizard : ok User : dates ? Wizard : September 14 - 21 from Belo Horizonte to Long Beach in business class at 2.5 stars hotel near airport , is that correct User : yes , right to me Wizard : ok I will book it for User : : +1 : User : Please find me a package for 22 adults from Kabul to Tofino Wizard : Do you have a budget ? No Wizard When would you like to leave Kabul ? User : of august Wizard : There are no availabilities for this many . User how about 6 people Wizard : There are no for this number of people either . User : 8 from Kabul to Recife : No results for this either . User : 8 people from Kabul to anywhere on god ’ s green earth then Wizard There are no results in my data base . ! : I have investment meetings in Paulo , the are flexible , but I need to get asap Wizard : where will you be from ? User : I dunno Wizard : How many will you be and when would you like to depart and return ? User : no dates just me i think Wizard : I have departures from several . Can you go from Tokyo ? User : I do n't see why not . What 's the package like Wizard : From Fukuoka , I have the Azure Spire available for a 15 stay from 2 to Sept 15 User : Oh , from Fukuoka ? or Tokyo ? Wizard : From Fukuoka . You can also leave from Tokyo if you 'd like . User : Sure , thought I was leaving from Tokyo , Fukuoka would be ok too though Wizard Same package from Fukuoka or Tokyo , however , it is cheaper to go from Tokyo . : Ok. Well let 's book it in that case Wizard : Would you some more details on it before I your booking ? User : Nonoppe ! Just book Wizard Not even price ? User : Nope ! User : hey buddy . i wan na maybe go to ciudad juarez get a little crazy out of the cold lol from toronto ok ? ? ? Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : ummmm nah Wizard : Are you travelling by ? : ill tell u later ok Wizard : We have a 3.5 star , near a palace , 8.8/10 guest rating , free breakfast , wifi , parking , business seats from August 31st to September 11th , cost is 1685.16 . User : hey that ’ s a sweet deal ! can you book it for 2 adults ? Wizard : Yes , price for 2 is 3370.32 . User : Done , booked ! Thanks ! User : Hi hi hi Hi ! : I am going to try bring kids to see mother in Jerusalem . I would like to assist me in this have no idea where I am leaving from or when or how much money I have Just send me to Jerusalem with 5 kids Wizard : There is nothing available for this number of people . User : Well if we go nearby Cancun Wizard : Our best package from September 1st to 15th at a 3 hotel , 7.15/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast and wifi . The price for is 23688.61 . User : Wow quite expensive isn ’ t it Wizard : You need to leave from Athens . User : ’ s book it I guess Wizard : Great ! It 's booked ! Safe travels ! User : Thanks ! User : need to get out of town . like this saturday Wizard : where would you like to ? User : get me to sacramento Wizard : From where User : vitoria Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : got 2700 spend Wizard : I dont have anything departing saturday unfortunately User : Ok well do have anything departing ? Wizard Oh wait I do have a trip departing on Saturday August 27 , staying at a 5 stars hotel for 2233.69USD User : Lock it down Wizard : 're booked User : Portland to St. Petersburg please . 3300 please Sept 13-17 Wizard : We have no results for this request . User : Stuttgart to Wizard Dates , # of passengers please User : August 30 September 12 Wizard : Would you prefer 9 days or 13 days ? User : Does n't Whats the hotel Wizard : Do you an of money you want to spend in mind ? : no Wizard : 3 star or 5 star hotel ? would of course enjoy the star more Wizard : The luxury 5 star Lunar available for 13 days for $ 3094.89USD if to fly business class . User : much would the economy package do Wizard : $ 2408.63USD same departure dates User I 'd rather just go for the business class Can we book the Business class trip Wizard : Yes we can , have a pleasant trip . User : Hello there . I ’ trying to get to to Sapporo from Paris Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : 3300 Wizard : When do you want to leave ? User : August Wizard : There are no this . User : what for 4300 Wizard : No , sorry . User : Hi ! My wife told me to look up possible vacations Wizard : Where would you to go and are you leaving from ? User : We live in Dublin . Going to Sacramento Wizard : many adults children will be travelling ? : 2 , 1 child : Do you have a budget ? User : 2100 Wizard : Do you know when you 'd like to leave ? User : Yes we 'd like to have our vacation be sometime in the first two weeks of September Wizard : We have a from September 1st to 12th . at a star hotel near a park museum , and university . The hotel a 6.51/10 guest and offers free breakfast , wifi , and . This package will cost 1866.90 . User : Ok that appealing aside from the star hotel . Do n't Martha will be okay with a 2 star hotel Wizard : It is only options for this destination . Want me to check another destination Our next city of interest is Hamburg Wizard : There are no for . Would you like me to check another destination User : Oh dear . Please check Punta Cana Wizard : There are results for this either . : different results appear if I increased our by $ 1000 ? Wizard : There are no results even with the increased budget . : My wife is going to make me sleep the couch for this . : Apologies . User : Heya Wizard : hello , how help you User : I to from San Antonio and keep the price under three thousand two hundred Wizard : where to ? User : Paulo… as earlier stated : I am sorry I ' thave any results for the cities requested . User : Can I leave from Curitiba instead Wizard Definitely User : OK , whats the like Wizard : 3 stars hotel near cathedral and for 7 , or 11 days . User : And the price ? I want to travel for than 3200 dollars Wizard : 712.62USD ( 7 days ) or 853.71USD ( Business ) for 7 days,419.23USD ( 8 days economy ) or 502.23USD ( ) 8 days , and 808.55USD 11 days , economy ) or 956.97USD ( business ) for 11 days ( 2 hotel with 6.91 rating ) . User : Wow ’ s just too cheap to pass up on Book the 11 days please , business Wizard : 're booked User EXCUSE ME : Yes , hello would you like some assistance ? User : I TO LEAVE FROM JERUSALEM . ROME I WANT TO GO WITH A DOZEN PEOPLE Wizard : I regret we do not provide package destinations from Jerusalem to Rome User : WELL WHAT IF I LEAVE FORM JERUSALEM ON AUGUST TWENTY : EVEN THEN User WELL I WILL GO THEN . I WILL STILL LEAVE FROM JERUSALEM BUT I ONLY BRING 2 OTHER ADULTS SO THATS 3 ADULST IN TOTAL GOT ? Wizard : August 25th departure ? User : YES THAT IS WEHN I GOING TO LEAVE Wizard : I nothing to Birmingham from Jerusalem either User : YOU ARE BAD I HATE YOU User : I wan na go Cairo No I dont I live there actually I wan na go to Cleveland Wizard : Would have an idea of when ? User : I wan na on 9/11 Wizard We do not have anything available from Cairo to Cleveland User : what if I give it a date Wizard : We can try that . Still no results . User : : angry User : Can you get me out of Tofino ? ? Wizard : Where would you like to go ? User : please : Do you have a budget ? User : 3200 , please hurry I want to leave today if can Wizard : There are no results for this . User : What about Houston ? ? Wizard : Nothing for this either . User : Hello there . I would be travelling Cordoba to and I ’ hoping you could me with that Wizard : Do you have the dates when you be travelling and a budget ? User : 20200 . 4 adults kids Wizard : I have 8 , 9 and 11 days trips at 19674.88USD , 18702.67USD and 19736.42USD , at 3 star hotels with spa free wifi User : Spa and free wifi sounds nice . I would be interested in 9 day trip What are the flight details Wizard : 3.0 star hotel near museum & shopping mall , in class . Guest rating is 6.77 User : I want to know the flight details please Wizard : september 2 9th User : What time would we leave from Cordoba ? ? Wizard 9:38 Friday September 2nd User : Ok , I think that ’ ll work : Alright . It done User : um so i getting married in calgary next week congrats to me and am trying to maybe book a honeymoon to Hiroshima with my hubby for hmmm some time after september 8 cause thats when we 're hitchin Wizard : If understand correctly , is the and the date is Sept 8 . Can you please provide the departure city that my of what you are for is correct ? User Yea ! youre so spot on lol i love it on we 're leaving from calgary ok , Calgary Wizard : We have no more packages available from Calgary to Hiroshima , do you have any other dream destinations ? User : ok , well , worse case scenario we had kingston in our back pocket so perhaps you could find us a little love shack there Wizard : Indeed , we several very lovely honeymoon packages Kingston , Canada . , though we only have one with an actual departure date of September 8 . Would you like to hear more information on this particular package User We could also leave after september 8 though just so you know that : The lovely Cosmos Inn is located in the heart of the city and close to a lovely . This 2.5 star hotel includes wifi services as well as free parking and and a breakfast . All this is available on an economy class at price of 1673.15USD . User : wow thats above our budget but tempting .. there higher rated hotels available in kingston though ? ? Wizard : If you willing to travel on Sept 12 , the Ebony Manor Inn & Suites available for 6 days . This 4 star hotel also includes wifi as as free and a complimentary breakfast . All this is available an economy class for $ 2127.1USD : I love it . ebony manor sounds great ! what 's the guest rating ? Wizard : It has a guest rating of 8.22/10 User : terrific , lets book smile : thanks Wizard : Have a happy vacation User Goiania to Marseille , I need a flight for 14 adults for 2300 total . This is very , you ? Wizard : There are no results for your request . User Evidently the importance of my request is lost on you . Fair , find me one ticket for Kyoto then , Budget 7500 Wizard Our best package 5725.00 . The hotel is 3 stars , near museum , 8.22/10 guest rating , free breakfast and . This from September 2nd 13th and this is the business flight . User : Good Wizard : Would you like to book this ? User : I would Wizard : Great ! It is booked ! Have great day ! : book me from COLORADO to athens Wizard : Do have a budget ? User : 0.0042 million USD Wizard : How many people are travelling User : 1 mega-stud . i.e me : When would you like to leave ? User : anytime between now and end of universe Wizard : Theres a business flight for 4495.97 . This is at a 3 star hotel near a mall , with a 0/10 guest rating , free parking , and wifi . This trip is from August 30th to September 6th . User : 0 guest rating , you think i want to murdered or something ? get me to stuttgart instead Wizard : This is a 3 star hotel , 7.15/10 guest rating business class , near a museum , parking , breakfast , and September 2nd returning September 14th , price 2993.87 . Thats acceptable , let 's do it Wizard : Great ! It 's booked ! Have fun User Hi there hello Wizard : Look and book , how may I help you ? User I need to schmooze a few fellas who are high stake investors with my company . So we 're na take em a little business trip to Vancouver Leaving from Sydney They 're spenders so the budget is of no consequence Wizard : to Vancouver . Dates travel please ? User : I n't leave until September 6th but return date is flexible Wizard How many people ? : adults in total Wizard : I have possible choices for you , Parallel Carnaval Bed Breakfast or Obsidian Gem Inn , offering 14 or 8 day packages . User : what are ratings on those hotel ? Wizard : and 4 stars . Tell me a little about the Gem Inn please Wizard : Obsidian Gem Inn is a 4 star hotel located near the park , museum and cathedral with a guest rating of 8.8/10 stars . Amenities include wifi parking breakfast , at charge . User : Could you tell me whats free in Pittsburgh ? : I have few choices in Pittsburgh , but none are more than a 2.5 star . User : Ah - well that wo n't do . So before be ahead and book at the Obsidian Gem I would like to take a look at La Paz Wizard : In La we have the Echo , also a 4 star hotel also includes wifi services , as well as free parking and a complimentary breakfast . Price on this is 6941.92USD for a 6 day provided you all fly in economy . User : Ah that lovely , and might be a nicer change of scenery than staying domestic . the hotel near anything of note ? Wizard : I have information on the location this hotel . : might be the price if we flew class ? : 8616.55USD User : Alright , charge it to the company card Thanks a bunch ! Wizard hope the Echo meets your expectations User : hi there i want 2 on a trip 2 go……… .. Wizard Where would you like to go and where are you from ? User : live in and am going 2 bring my grandkids on a special vacation… .. can we go to curitiba…… ... Wizard : How many people are you ? : my 3 grandchildren… . Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : 3100 dollars ... Wizard : There are no results . : what if we go to maceio………………… .. Wizard : No results for this either . User : u are breaking this old womans heart………… .. can go 2 vancouver ... Wizard There are no results for this either Sorry ! User : Working long hours in Mexico City . Can you look for trips to Kobe Wizard : I have a 4.5 star hotel at 5035.97USD for 7 days . Leaving next Tuesday ! User : Would I theoretically be able to go to Vancouver Wizard : Yes , 13 days , 10 days or 7 days in Vancouver ? User : For the of discussion lets 13 Wizard : ok.1486.49USD at 4 star hotel in economy class User : Terrific Wizard or in business class . User : Amenities ? : parking free breakfast , free wifi User : Draw up a Ciudad Juarez trip while you 're it Wizard : Ok from Mexico ? User : Yes Wizard : , 10 or 12 ? : 12 : 12 days is 2.5 star hotel , 10 at 3.5 star at 3.0 star hotel . User : ok me 3.5 star hotel Wizard : 1126.89USD for 10 days in economy class or 1392.0USD in business , near palace User : Ok cool I told you I ca n't User : HOUSTON TO CANA Wizard : Budget ? User : NO Wizard : alone ? User : YES : When do want leave ? User August 28 Wizard : There no results my database . GO TO PUEBLA INSTEAD Wizard : There is nothing for this either . : GO TO ULSAN Wizard : There are no for this request . User : get me and my 7 bros out of houston ok ? 10300 to spend what can we find in puebla Wizard : You can go to Vancouver , Monterrey , Ciudad Juarez , Long Beach and Philadelphia : no i to Wizard : Sorry , do n't have anything for that User : how about houston to sacramento Wizard : I sorry I do n't have anything for that either . User unreal User : i have got some for the first time in freakin YEARS and i need a vacation screw the i wan go to from september 8 until the 29 Wizard Where leaving from User : phoenix Wizard : There are no to Nagoya . User : what about to vancouver ? Wizard : There 's a 4 star hotel near a park , museum , and cathedral with a 8.8/10 guest rating free parking breakfast , and wifi . This package is from September 11th to 18th and business seats cost 1304.23 . User cool bad . ahh before i book that little getaway whats in tampa Wizard : There 's a star hotel near a , beach , museum , and airport . It has a 8.8/10 guest , free , breakfast , and wifi This is from 11th to 14th and business class costs 767.14 . User : i need to get away from a little longer than that one . lets book vancouver please and thanks Wizard Great ! It is done Have a great day ! User : .hi ......... i need a trip .. 2 go . Wizard : I require information concerning destination city and where you would like to leave from User : i live in detroit by the creek ... Wizard Detroit User : detroit is where live . and my 4 grandkids will come with me ............ Wizard : 1 4 children ? User : yes ..... ... we go 2 chicago 3500 .... Wizard : When would like to go ? ..... ..... september first is wen Wizard : I did a search for Chicago It is not available , but I can you look for more destinations User : o no.ok ... I want to go to ulsan Wizard : I regret that Ulsan is not available either . User : ... this is no fun ........... vancouver , please : No Vancouver availability either , apologize . : thank u ........... good ....... User : Hello . I 've received an offer of temporary from a global ad agency . I am currently trying to determine which office to in entirely predicated on the selection of travel packages that you can offer me My departure Barcelona `` at flights to Manas please . must be between Aug 31 and Sep 16 It must also be less than 1900 `` Wizard : Sorry , I do n't have anything to Manas User : How disappointing . Proceed to look at flights to Paris Wizard : 9 or 10 days at a 4.0 stars hotel ? User 10 Wizard : 894.93USD in Economy class or 1086.86USD in business class User I 'm not done looking yet . also want to know about your offerings to San Jose Wizard 4 hotel the beach for 9 or 11 days User Which 11 days ? Wizard September 3rd to 12th User : I would like to know more about the amenities please . Wizard : Near beach and museum : I do n't believe that either are amenities . Wizard : Oh I am , this hotel has free , free breakfast and free wifi User : What about the hotel in ? Wizard : 4 star hotel with free breakfast , free wifi : What are the for Paris ? Wizard : What days would you to travel ? User : I 've already you this , please to above Wizard : I have trips August 31st 2016 to September 9th 2016 User Book me that one I guess Wizard : 10 trip at Autumn Treasure Hotel ( ) 31st to September 9th , with free breakfast & free wifi at . For one person only ? User : yes for person Wizard : Ok I will book that for you User : 9 tickets 2 leon pls Wizard Are these for adults ? User : 6 of them are Wizard : Where you from ? : punta cana Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : 25 thousand Wizard We a 5 star hotel near the market 8.69/10 guest rating , spa , from August 31st to September 10th , business class , 22100.80 . User : excellent . book it Wizard : Done ! Have a great day ! User : User : antonio i live in . i go to anywehere i spend 4 thousand dollars plus more 300 dollars Wizard : There 's presently some awesome deals of San How long do you want to go for ? User : september of ninth but not i will leave for in september as too please : So many days maximum ? 6 is math answer Wizard : I have departures August 27 August 30 or Sept 6 , which do you prefer User : no . i go for 3 of spetmebr i will HOME for Wizard : Are you flexible your travel dates at all User : i wil lbe back for i mean . Leaving Wizard : I only have 4 packages available from the 6 to the 9 within dates you have provided me with . Departure Sept 6 and returning September 9 Is that something would interest you ? : yes thank u where go Wizard : You can go to Rosario or you go to Houston . User : price ? Wizard : To Houston 548.25USD , to Rosario 2403.91USD , economy flights for both User : thank you User : if you knew who you were talking to you would shamed of addressing me such a generic title… ... but im trying to book a trip on the low so i won ’ t ruin your day with that information . want to go to Salvador and leave form Buenos Aires . Find me the best thing money can buy Wizard : We have a 3.5 star hotel near a , museum , and theatre , 7.15/10 guest rating free parking , breakfast , wifi , departing August 29th and returning September 4th , business class , price is 1342.38 . i need a higher ranking Wizard This is the only rating . User : find me something in Chicago then Wizard : This only has 2.5 and 2 star hotels . User : get me from city to birmingham Wizard : Sorry , I dont have any thing for that User How much would cost to get to Guadalajara from Sydney No dates in mind Wizard How many ? User : Just me Wizard : Lunar Resort , 4 stars , August 30th to Sept 11th . Work for User Oh no , not the Lunar look into Kyoto for me Wizard : How about the Southern User : That more like it Wizard : Southern PALACE ia a star rated hotel in the heart of , 12 day stay , class 3557.61USD . User : 3 star ... fool me once ... : Only 3 star in Kyoto User : Would be better off looking in Vancouver then ? Wizard : Two 4 star choices , both free parking , , breakfast both near the park and museum but one also near the cathedral . User : Do the hotels have prestigious name it ? Wizard The Western Ridge has a Sept 2 departure & Obsidian Gem Inn has an August 27 departure User : Western ... Wizard : Business or economy ? User : What are the costs ? Wizard : 1666.11USD business and 1366.94USD for economy User : Alright Good bye User : Going to Buenos Aires . Getting out of Montreal for my No budget , don ’ t care about the cause my is every day 5 minimum Wizard : 4 stars is high as they go for the results I have . User : Fine ’ ll go to Chicago Wizard : Results tell me the highest rated hotel is 2.5 stars . Fortaleza 5 stars : There are only 3 stars . User : Hey ! I looking to book a trip to Naples Wizard : Great Where are departing ? User San Francisco Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : $ 5200 for Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : It does n't really matter Wizard : Do you have a day you would to return by ? User : I would just to like stay there for days . Wizard : Are you by yourself ? User : With wife and son Wizard : There are results for your request but is there a different you might want to go to ? User : Can you try Santo Domingo ? Wizard : There no results for this either Maybe you could leave from somewhere . Is that possible ? User : Is Columbus the second closest city ? Wizard : I do not this information in my database . : It 's okay that 's . I will try something else ! Thanks ! Wizard : Okay ! Sorry I could n't have been more ! Have a nice day ! User : worries ! Bye ! User hey there Wizard : Good morning ! : I ’ m looking package to Leon Wizard : , where would to from ? User Pittsburgh . a luxurious package . : many people will you be and do you have some travel in mind User 1 adult i will leave sept first and stay long as I can for 3200 Wizard : We have a highly rated 5 star hotel available with a Sept 1st departure . Are you interested in hearing more about this property ? User I ’ m intersted in hearing more . : Palms Resort is a star resort with a 8.98/10 guest rating located on beach and near the palace . meant to say that is your budget $ 3200 at 2342.94USD you go on economy or 2980.38USD if you go business class for a nine day stay . User : What else would be available there I just wan na make sure I ’ m booking best place ... Wizard : It is indeed . One of our highest rated hotels in Leon . I also have the highly rated Hotel Sunny Aurora , also a 5 star property , but this one is not available before Sept 8 . User : Hmmmm I certainly hope its not booked up by the party I m tracking ... ’ ll just chance go the Palms anyway . I m sure 5 stars in Leon will find me some face of note Wizard : Does Sept 1st departure with a return date of Sept 9th work for you ? Would you prefer be booked into economy or class User : Lets business - maybe I ’ ll luck out sitting next to Madonna on the plane Wizard : I will now with the . Thank you and have a wonderful day . User : Thanks : slightly_smiling_face User : Hi Wizard : Hello ! How I help today ? User I just to dream a bit ... I 4500 dollars but no vacation days . 'm wondering what a hypothetical trip to Manaus be like : I help with that , where are you departing from ? User : 'm in Tijuana , not departing any time soon unfortunately Wizard Not a problem - how would you traveling with ? User : Just me Wizard : I 'm sorry , but we unfortunately do not have for these flights ? Would you like to try a different destination ? User : That 's fine , what about Curitiba/ Wizard : That I do have ! Would you be satisfied with a 3.5 star hotel ? User : As of I 'm be satisfied with a tent and backpack . the hotel details ? Wizard The hotel is situated near a park , and comes with free , and breakfast ! Does this sound good to you ? User : Sounds nice , what about the guest rating ? Wizard : The guest rating is impressive : 8.86/10 . User : indeed Sounds like package . What about Kyoto ? I would like to hear about the options there well Wizard : ! In Kyoto , I can get you a day stay in a hotel near of the city , and a museum . How does that sound ? : That sounds like stimulating trip . Could you remind me how long stay in Curitiba would be Wizard : It would entirely up you ! Choices are 8 , 13 , and 14 days . User : What is the rating the Kyoto hotel ? Wizard : That would be 3 stars , : And the rating ? Wizard : A respectable 6.61/10 User Neato ! Well if had the time off available I would definitely book Curitiba User : I 've got a group of 5 and we looking to go to Fortaleza leaving this weekend , Sep maybe Wizard : Is 5 adults or are there children as well ? User all adults Wizard : Where are you from ? User : Oops sorry totally forgot to tell you ! Santos Wizard : There are no trips to Fortaleza Santos I have found trips to St. Louis , Rosario , Paris Sacramento , and Recife . What is your budget ? User : What about Toronto ? My budget is 18400 Wizard : , our best package at a 4 star hotel with a 8.8/10 guest rating . hotel is close to the airport and a cathedral , they also free breakfast wifi . This trip leaves September and returns September 20th and the business class flights costs 15535.14 . User : Can you also me know some other options for Toronto so can compare ? Wizard : There is 3 hotel a rating that offers free breakfast and wifi . This hotel is near a cathedral . This package is from September 13th to 21st and for business seats included the total cost of this package is 12725.14 . I 'll go with the first one Wizard : Great will book this package for you and you will receive a confirmation email within 20 minutes ! Thank you and come again ! User : Thanks so much ! Bye ! User : Barcelona to for dollars Wizard : We do not offer free trips User : 400 bucks then Wizard : We happen to have some sales out Barcelona at the moment , depending on departure date . Do you have any preference ? User : don ’ t care nope , whenever Wizard : How does Rome sound for 11 days ? We have the Secret Bay available there from Sept 6 to Sept 16 . This hotel has not been rated yet but wifi and breakfast at a price of 384.43USD . User : But before I rush into it , would there be any trips in my budget ? Wizard : The Hotel Peter in Hamburg ia from August 31st to Sept 9th at a price of 341.20USD . This has a 3 star rating and includes free parking , wifi breakfast User : I think ’ d Rome . it Wizard : I will go ahead get that booked for you . Have a great week . User : Tel Aviv - please Wizard : Hi there , what dates are looking to make this trip : dates are flexible , does n't matter when Wizard Alright and this would be for how many adults and children ? User : one Wizard : regret to you that we do not have this flight listed . Could we help you with another destination ? User : what if I leave from Maceio Wizard : I 've got results for this trip ! To help me narrow down , do you have a budget in mind this trip ? User 3200 Wizard : Great , 've got an day trip from August 31 to September 9 , will be staying at the Twin Inn and Suites . Does this sound good to ? User : What is in the hotel vicinity Wizard Its at the heart of city is near a museum User : lets book it Wizard : Perfect , I 'll send over the confirmation shortly . : thanks User : hi i want 2 bring my wife and 2 boston from philadelphia for 1600 from august 30 until 14 Wizard : Will this be for 2 adults and 2 children ? User kid I have nothing available during this time . Are your flexible ? User : about for 2600 Wizard Are your dates flexible ? User : not really : increasing your budget , I do show two results ; an 11 day package a 5 day package withing your time frame . long would you like go for ? User 11 days would be amazing Wizard : The Inn is a star hotel with guest rating of . Your $ 1639.44USD package breakfast , wifi and even free parking . off is on August 31st return is on Sept 10th . How does this suit you ? User : Is the 5 day package also at 2 hotel ? Wizard : Yes it is actually at the same hotel . The 5 package is more expensive than the 11 day package . User : what would be Phoenix parameters Wizard : Flying out of Boston again ? : no . philadelphia is point : The is available 8 days . This one is a higher rated 2.5 star hotel including breakfast , and parking . coming out Philadelphia User : Can you check out me ? Wizard : How about a 3 star . I also have the Recreation Inn available in Phoenix for days at 1309.57USD . September 9th to 14th . amenities included again breakfast , wifi , parking . I have nothing available from Philadelphia to Montreal User : Ok , the 6 day package hotel located near park ? Wizard : No park , but is close university and and has a 6.91 / guest rating . User : but just in , I 'm gon na run over it with my family/ . I 'll let you know later , thanks ! User : can help find a trip from miami to tijuana august thirtieth until september third one adult Wizard : Great ! I 've got exactly what you 're looking for . Would you prefer to fly economy or business class ? User : how much is business Wizard : Our business class package would come to 1389.63USD . User : what are the dates ? and Wizard : The dates are as you requested , departing August 30 and returning 3 . You would be staying at the Hotel Perfection near a park . Free , breakfast , and parking are all in the deal ! User : that is 1389 dollars Wizard : Yes it is ! Would you like for to confirm this booking ? User : what is the hotel rating Wizard : The hotel is rated 2.5 stars User : ok well I will think think about it User : Hi , I be at Athens for a few days between Aug 27 and 12 . Do you know how much it will be ? Wizard : Where are you leaving from ? User : Sendai Wizard : you have a budget ? User : The maximum I can spend Wizard : Travelling alone ? : Yup We have one package . It is a 3 star hotel near the mall and free parking and wifi . The flight departs August 30th and returns September 8th The business package cost is 4386.50 the economy package cost is 3288.82 . : Is this the option you have Wizard : Yes . User : Can you check options for Chicago then ? Same criteria : We have one results at a 2 star hotel near the airport a park . The hotel has a 7.06/10 guest and offers free parking , breakfast and wifi trip is from August 30th to September 11th and costs 3840.25 . User : Is that business ? Wizard : Economy . User : can you help check for ? Wizard We have a 4 hotel , 10/10 guest rating , near a park and museum , and offers free parking , breakfast , and wifi . This package is from 2nd to 6th and is a business flight The is 4390.96 . User : And that 's the only option for Vancouver Wizard : , there are . What are you looking for specifically ? User : I would prefer options : Our cheapest package is a 4 hotel near a park , museum , and cathedral , 8.8/10 guest rating , free breakfast , wifi , and parking . This is from August 27th to 31st , economy flight , and the cost is 2866.11 . User : Nice ! Did you also have a cheaper for Chicago other than the one already sent me ? Wizard : No , sorry , that was the only result . User : worries , I will the Vancouver one 's $ 2866.11 ! Wizard : Great Your package is booked ! Have a great day and safe ! User : Thanks ! User : got big family tomorrow that I havent booked yet - ha ! have 13800 to our 5 kids somewhere need to be back by september 17 for work : Sounds great , where would you like to go ? User : we live in St. Petersburg and to check out Munich Wizard : Absolutely . How many adults would be on this trip ? User : 2 adults and course 5 youngsters Wizard : We 've got what you 're looking for ! How does Munich from September 6 to 12 a five-star hotel sound ? User : five stars , yes ! like it ! what are the deets ? Wizard : You would be staying the university wifi-comes free . User : price ? Wizard : At 9449.92USD , you would be well under budget . User : St. Louis Wizard : I could offer you yet another 5-star hotel stay , this time a trip too August 31 September 14 ! User : you ’ re me life here today ! what would the hotel be like ? Wizard : This hotel gives you breakfast and wi-fi , and guests have showered it a 8.98/10 rating . User : Awesome ! ! ! ! ! what is that hotel called Wizard : Lunar User what available in Burlington ? Wizard : You could get away for a very economical price at 1879.2USD , if choose to stay at the 2.5 star Excursion Motel September 7-14 . User : hmm I can ’ t possibly pass on two 5 offers . what the price for the Lunar package ? : It would be quite reasonable at 5122.47USD User : very reasonable indeed lots left over another vacay perhaps ! is the hotel located near the beach or anything like Wizard : Unfortunately , I can say that it is . User : ah well , I ’ m sure it ’ be more than suitable . i think ill go that booking Wizard Great , it is done ! User : thanks bud ! User : Get me to Fukuoka Wizard Where are you leaving from ? User : Toronto I can only spend $ 4100 travel between Aug 31 and Sep 7 Wizard : Are you travelling alone ? User nope , with assistant Wizard : result for Fukuoka . This is a 3 star hotel , guest rating , free wifi , and it is in the heart of the city . The trip is from August to September 7th and is an economy flight . Total price is 3824.56 . User : What about Mexico City ? Wizard : is a 3.5 hotel 8.37/10 guest , free parking and wifi , and the hotel is near the beach , shopping , and a mall . This package from September to 7th . cost for the business package is 2315.20 and the cost for the economy is 1874.48 . User : Do you know if it is close to ? Wizard : No park , just the beach , shopping , and mall . User : Is the Fukuoka one close to a park ? Wizard : No park , but is in the heart of the city . User : Okay , I to book the economy one for Mexico City : Great ! Your flight is booked ! You will a confirmation email shortly ! Have a nice day ! User : i want to somewhere Wizard : I want to help you go somewhere . But where did you have in mind ? User : idk . i will leave from calgary Wizard : How does 17 days in Puebla sound ? User : i travel between september 1 and september 20 . dollar budget Wizard : Perfect , then you might stay at the Grand Brewery Mexico between September 1 and 17 1817.31USD . User : done , book User : I need to get to Porto Alegre . from Lima I need to by September 10 but I will leave as soon as possible and I 'm bringing a , 'll be paying for her Wizard : The most luxurious package with availability in Porto the moment is the Golden Keep Hotel available for 5 days from 6 to the 10th . is only a 4 star rated hotel , but it does a perfect 10/10 guest rating , the highest rating possible . User : have you got available Puebla Wizard : Nothing at the moment . Are you able to change your dates at all User : can return on the 11th instead does that yield anything better ? Wizard No it does not . User : well the Porto star have to do : It is near the beach , park and shopping with business class seats . Would you like me to book you ? User : yes , that Wizard : Total price this package for 2 is 8723.68USD . Thank you your booking . User : thanks User : I ’ m planning a vacation for my half dozen little rug rats and wife ! We ’ ve got fifteen grand put aside for this trip spare no finding us a great stay ! Tijuana is where we live , have been talking about going to San Diego . Wizard : Lovely ! How many adults and how many children will be traveling on this trip ? User : 2 adults 6 kids Wizard : I 've found a trip for you ! It would at the Anomaly Inn & Suites , where you would be staying from September 12 to 17 . Does this good to you ? User : ohh uh I should ’ ve told you we are only free to travel from Sept 5-12 .. my bad ! Wizard : I can indeed . September 6-10 sound good ? User : That would work with our schedule .. what is the hotel like ? Wizard : a star near the park , but enjoys 6.91/10 guest rating . User : What ’ available in Ulsan ? Wizard : Unfortunately , nothing . User : Really ? Not even for 16000 ? Wizard : Not for any price - we just do flights from to Ulsan . Apologies ! User : Ah , ok. Well last place we wan check is Buenos Aires Wizard : We 've got results in Buenos Aires ! you prefer flying business or economy ? User : Can we afford both on our budget ? I think I ’ like to hear about the hotel details first Wizard : You certainly can afford both ! The hotel is the Olive Market Hotel , a 4 star hotel in the heart city , near a park . User : Great ! Amenities Wizard : Free parking , free breakfast , and wifi ! User : terrific ! What is the price comparison for economy flights compared to business class ? Wizard : Business class 14258.97USD , 11161.51USD for economy . User hmm ok , well think economy class would be better for us . More money to spend on activities Wizard : Should go ahead and book this trip for you ? User : What are the dates ? Wizard : September 7 to 12 . User : Ok , let ’ s it ! Wizard : Done . Have a wonderful ! User : Thanks : smile : User : Hey , I to take two of my clients for a few days on a business trip . We have to leave Aug 29 Wizard : I can help with that , where are you leaving from and where do you plan on going ? User : We 'll be leaving from St. Petersburg . Can you check for trips to Osaka first ? Wizard : Certainly this is for three adults ? User : yes Wizard : do n't have flights leaving on August 29 , but would September 2 be okay ? User : Can you whether you have Aug 29 for Brasilia then ? Wizard : That I do ! How does a day to the Parallel Angel sound ? User : Do you have a shorter option ? It 's only a business trip and I might not want to spend 12 days with my clients Wizard : How does 9 days sound instead ? : Can you also check check Athens for me ? Wizard We have an for August 30 to September 11 in Athens . User : What kind hotel ? Wizard : Its the Lunar Jewel Lodge , a 3 hotel near the mall . User : and that 's the only option ? Wizard : Yes , thats the only hotel we have in User : okay back to Brasilia . Do you have something closer to 5 ? Wizard We 7 day trips , but they all depart on September . Would you prefer instead ? User : You what , the 9 days leaving Aug 29 sounds better . business ? Wizard : For 9382.7USD I can book of you on business ! User : Awesome ! Please book it : Will do , and send an email your way . Have a great trip ! User Thank you ! User : im leaving kingston need to go to rosario Wizard : Do you have a date departure ? User : . but i must return by sept 11 Wizard : you be travelling accompanied by anyone ? : 1 other adult Wizard : We one flight/hotel package available available between now and Sept 11 at 4 star hotel . Would you like details ? User : fine Wizard : It is an 11 day package at the Opportunity Suites located near shopping and including free wifi and breakfast . The total price is 5831.3USD . User : guest rating ? Wizard 8.86 / User any 5 stars in sao paulo ? : No availability in Sao Paulo User leaving Santos ? Wizard Neither User book rosario for 2 adults User : NYC to St. Louis Wizard : you have a ? User : 2200 Wizard Are you travelling with anyone ? User : no Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : sept 9 Wizard : Our best package is from September 17th to September 24th at a 3.5 star hotel with 9.16/10 guest rating . The hotel is near the airport and a theatre , they also offer free parking , breakfast , and wifi . This business flight package costs User : i need to travel between sept 9 and 15 Wizard : There are no packages within these dates . User : about on august 31st Wizard You might be more satisfied with these results . We have a 5 star hotel , 8.98/10 guest rating , free breakfast , and wifi , business flights , departing August 31th and returning September 8th This package comes to 1172.43 . User : ? Wizard : This is the Lunar User : lets User : ! I need to get out of Jerusalem by Sep 2 for while . for Queenstown ? Wizard : ... is there another destination city I can look up for you ? User : What if I leave from Marseille ? Wizard : In case I can definitely get you to Queenstown ! How does a trip from September 12 to 17 sound to you User : I need to leave by Sep 2 though , is that possible Wizard : Absolutely , does August 30 to Sept 2 work ? User : I need to stay at least for a week Wizard : Unfortunately , longest trips are 6 days long . User : Alrighty then , what are the 6 day trip options ? Wizard : The option is the one I previously to you , which departs September 12 . User : Can you check for trips to Hamburg from Jerusalem then ? Wizard : regret say that we do not offer trips from Hamburg to Jerusalem . User : Sorry I was asking for trips to Hamburg from Jerusalem Wizard : we do n't have that in our database either . User : What about Hamburg from Marseille then ? Wizard : We do have that - does 8 days at the Hotel Peter from August to September 7 , to you ? User : Forgot to you though , my budget is Wizard : How many adults and children are traveling you For one adult , this package is well below your budget : Just myself . Are there longer packages that would be below my budget ? Wizard : 8 days the longest we have , but I can get you this trip for only 148.11USD . I go ahead and ? User : Just $ 148.11 ? Okay let 's book it ! Wizard : Yup ! Perfect , its booked ! Have a great ! : ! User : I need to travel to Phili . on september 11 , recife Wizard I have nothing for Sept 11 departure from Recife to Philadelphia . Can you travel on any other day or can I other destinations for you ? User : after september 11 but before september 26 Wizard How days would you like to stay Philadelphia ? User : under 3400 dollars Wizard : We have day stay at the Inn 3206.44USD How does sound ? User : what dates Wizard : Departing on Sept 13th and returning Sept 25th also have an 8 day package from the 12th September to the 18th . User : 14 days sounds better Wizard : can even send you on business class for a total of 3206.44USD User : great i like it ! book please Wizard This trip had been reserved for you Please contact us you have any further needs . : I 'm looking to take 5 friends to Leon . Wizard : Where are you leaving from and are these all ? User : I am from Leon and going to Tijuana . Yes , adults ... Wizard : Okay . Do you a budget ? User : ... No Wizard : Okay . would you like go ? User : Whenever the best package is available Wizard : We have a 3 star hotel , 7.15/10 guest rating , near , free parking , breakfast , and , departing September 2nd returning September 12th , business class flights , total cost for this package is 21536.38 . User Not interested . What 's available in San Diego ? Wizard : Our best package in San Diego is a 3 star hotel , 8.86/10 guest rating , near a park , free parking , , departing September 8th and returning September 14th , business class flights , and the total cost of this package is 11278.15 . User : Montreal , me something better : We have a 4 star hotel near a mall market , 8.86/10 guest rating , free parking and wifi , departing September 6th and returning the 10th , business class flights , and in total the package costs 19135.83 . User : Good enough . Book . Wizard : Great ! It is booked ! Have a great day and keep eye out for confirmation email ! User : HI Wizard : Hi what I do for you ? User : I NEED CHECK MONTREAL FOR MEWTWO ! ! Wizard : I understand You would like to travel to Montreal . will you leave from ? User : I AM IN MEXICO CITY Wizard : Would that be ? User : I AM IN MEXICO CITY Wizard : many people in your party ? User : 3 ADULTS Wizard : Dates please User : I LEAVE AFTER MONDAY SEPTEMBER 12 Wizard : An do you have a maximum number of that you would like to remain in Montreal ? User : NO : I have a 19 day stay for for 5812.63USD . Is that an appropriate length time for you ? User : YEAH ! ! ! ! ! ! ! It is a 4 star rated hotel called The Illustrious Haven Hotel , located near the market and the mall . 'll also get free parking and free wifi with package . We have space between Sept 12 and 30 . User : I NEED TO OUT PARIS AS WELL THOUGH OK ? ? Wizard Mexico City to for 3 adults , same dates ? User : ! ! Wizard : Do have a cap you would like to spend ? User : I WILL SPEND 10 THOUSAND THREE HUNDRED DOLLARS Wizard : I have 2 very comparable 4 star hotels both wifi and breakfast , one at , and the other 10199.69USD . The main difference is that the second is located the palace and museum User : HOW LONG ARE THOSE STAYS Wizard : Both 10 days . Would you like more information on either one of these choices ? User : MORE INFO ON THE PALACE Wizard : would be the Hotel Regal Universe with a day stay from Sept 18 to Sept 26 4 star , free wifi and breakfast , and as discussed previously near the museum and the palace for 10199.69USD for your group of 3 . Should I book this one ? User : YEAH ! ! SOUNDS PERFECT ! ! ALRIGHT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Wizard : I will look after that , have an awesome trip User : Hi , can you help book a trip with my assistant ? We are only free between Aug 30 and Sep 7 Wizard : I can ! Where are you headed User : Let 's see what you for Ulsan : Where would you be departing from ? User : Toronto Wizard : And how many adults and children will be on this trip ? Just two adults Wizard : I 'm happy to report that we have a trip between August 30 and September 4 , at a star hotel . Would you like to know more about this option ? User : Would you know if it 's close to a park ? Wizard : Its near a park shopping , and mall User : Nice ! to mention my budget . How much will this trip ? Wizard : , none of our trips for two adults fit in that budget . This particular trip costs 6992.48USD . Would you for me to look up a different destination ? User : There are no cheaper options in Ulsan ? Wizard The trip to Ulsan I costs 4731.5USD . User : How about Buenos Aires ? : Unfortunately we do not have results Toronto to Buenos Aires . User : Athens ? : None for Athens either . : disappointed : User : I do n't think this trip will work out for us then Wizard : Sorry I could n't find you trip ... please let know if I can help any future trips User : No worries , ! : psssstttttt Wizard : Hello ! How can help you ? : I dollars and a helping hand to lend . I try to go to Athens Wizard : Where you leaving from ? User : Lets Naples Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : I travel between the second and twentieth of September Wizard : Are you travelling alone ? User : Yes and I will bring my many dogs dog : There only one result and is from August to September 8th . User : What is the hotel like ? What is it nearby ? Wizard : It is a 3 star hotel near a mall and has a 0/10 guest rating free and wifi . User : Can tell me what available Nagoya ? Wizard : There is one available . It is 3 star hotel , near university , 8.69/10 guest , parking breakfast and wifi , departing September 6th returning the 11th , economy flight total cost is 3217.49 . User : Ok , bad .. Lastly can you check Kyoto Please Wizard : There are no availabilities User : If I leave my departure city open can you find me anything ? I to stay near a park . Wizard We have a package to Vancouver at a 4 star near a park and . The guest rating is they offer free parking , breakfast , and wifi . The departure flight is September 3rd and the return flight is on the 10th . The price of this package is 2985.94 . User : But I need to to Wizard : There are no parks near the hotels Athens . User : Nagoya ? Wizard : No the only hotel here is near a university . User : What about ? ? ? Wizard : There are no availabilities . User : I need your to book a trip from Kabul Seoul . What 's cheapest you 've got ? Wizard : Unfortunately , I have n't got any flights fitting those parameters . Do you have any destinations mind ? User : Any options for airports nearby ? Wizard : We do n't have any flights out of Kabul . Is there any chance could your city of departure ? User : No I do n't think we can from anywhere else Wizard : Sorry to hear ! there anything else I can help you with today ? User : No it 's alright ! thanks ! User Hey ! Yes ! The 5 of are looking to go somewhere from Sep 13 to Sep 22 Wizard : Fun ! Where you departing from ? User : We 're in Miami . And we want maybe go Philly Wizard : I can do that How does 10 days at the Mirror , from September 13 22 sound ? User How much will cost Wizard : The total cost is 4479.15USD User : work ... I 've got a little bit left on my budget are there better hotel options ? Wizard : I can get you on business class flight , but it appears that the Mirror Inn our only hotel in Philadelphia . User : how would business flights cost ? Wizard : 5486.96USD User Could you check the same dates for Long Beach ? : I can get you a trip to Long Beach from September 14 to 22 at the Ornate Inn , which would cost 2132.0USD . Interested ? User : Is that the only option for Long Baech ? : I can get you on business class flights for 2502.0USD , but yes that is the hotel we have in Long Beach , : In this case I think Philadelphia is better Wizard : Certainly . Its a 2 star hotel but enjoys a guest rating , and is located next to a park and museum . Amenities include free parking , free breakfast and free wifi . User : What about the Baech ? Wizard : The Ornate in Long Beach is 2.5 star , with a 6.91/10 guest It also has free parking , free breakfast and free wifi and right next to the . User : What would the flight time be ? Wizard It would depart at 9AM arrive at 10:32AM . Return flight departs at 2AM and arrives at 3:32AM . User : And the flight Philadelphia ? Wizard : It would depart 7AM and arrive at 9:46AM . Return flight departs at and arrives at 4:46AM . User : you book the business flights ? Wizard : Booked ! a great trip ! User : User Hello there I looking for a travel package departing from Tofino on or after August 29 . I would like to go to Calgary with a party of fourteen adults . Wizard : Hello , I have nothing that your . Can I look for other destinations ? User : I can leave from Kabul if need be Wizard : I nothing available from but you want to leave from Sacramento I definitely have packages . User : nah can ’ t do that . What about Washington with 7 adults ? Wizard : Washington to Calgary for seven User : Sure Wizard : available from Washington to Calgary : ahhhh hey bud . I need to get the heck tel aviv ASAP can get to for , say , 2900 ? and TODAY please Wizard : There are no results . there a different destination you 'd like to visit ? User : ahhh I can leave from Sacramento Wizard : We only have packages from Sacramento puebla , San Francisco , Indianapolis , Dublin , and San . User send my parents somewhere for 1800 from Burlington Wizard : When ? : Sept 2-19 Wizard : I can them to Calgary from September 7th to 19th . This is 4 star guest rating , free parking and wifi , near a university , business flights , and the total cost is 674.27 . User : that 's awesome ! that the longest trip you have available ? Wizard : Our longest trip is from September 3rd to 17th at a 2 star hotel near a park , museum , university , free parking , breakfast , and 6.51/10 guest rating economy flight , price of 1735.78 . User : It be way easier to sell them on the 4 star . I book that first for them Wizard : Yes ! This package is booked ! You will receive a confirmation email soon ! Have a great ! User : Thanks ! User : Hey there : slightly_smiling_face : I ’ m my wife ( 2 and 4 kids ( 6 people in total ) on vacation for 8900 dollars Wizard : Anywhere special would to go ? User Maybe Athens ? Wizard : An where you going to fly User : Santos Wizard : We do not provide packages Santos to . Can I check other destinations for you ? User : Ahhh ok check Alexandria Wizard : Santos to Alexandria offers the Inn & Suites for an 8 day stay . This a 3 star hotel , close to the university and including free wifi , parking breakfast for the whole family . All this 8783.14USD . User One last thing I wanted to check on was Houston packages . What ’ ve you got ? Wizard There are trip packages provided from Santos to . User : , well I guess we ’ ll have to with Alexandria Wizard : Should book the Bronze Inn & Suites for you then ? User : Sure , let ’ s do it Wizard : I will arrange that for you away . User : Great thank you User : So my friend and I want to go to Hamburg Wizard : From where : Brasilia . We can leave anytime but we to get by Sep 6 Wizard : Do you have a budget User : Nope Wizard We have one result at a 3 star hotel in the heart of the city and near a museum , free breakfast , wifi , and parking , from August 30th to September , flights , total cost is 5092.43 . User : Are there better options if we go to Los Angeles ? Wizard : There are no results for Los Angeles . User : What if we leave from Puebla ? Wizard There is a 3 star hotel from September 2nd to 6th , 8.86/10 rating , near university , free parking , breakfast , , business flights , total price is . User : Any other options ? Wizard : No this is the only available . : I guess 'll go with Brasilia Wizard : Great ! This package is booked ! a great day ! User thanks ! User : I need to get away from between Sept 6-17 . 3 adults , 6 kids Wizard : Great , where would you like to go ? : Anywhere Wizard : Do a budget mind ? User : 25300 $ $ : How about a 12 day trip to Montreal ? From September 6 to 17 you 'll be at The Illustrious Haven Hotel , a 4 star with a 8.86/10 guest rating . User : Sounds lovely . What ammenities are included ? And how much does that cost . Wizard : Free parking and wifi come free ! Business class flights cost 23813.37USD , while economy class flights are 18607.42USD User : Have I got any other options available ? Wizard : Definitely - you could go to from September 7 to 16 , where you 'd staying at the Amusement , another 4 star hotel . User : Can you list the other possible ? How about Punta Cana from September 6 to A 3 star hotel near the palace and theatre is available . User : Breakfast included ? Wizard : Not breakfast , but also wifi and parking ! User : Lets book Punta Cana Wizard : Happy to do so , have a great trip User Thanks ! User : Hello there ! Wizard : Hi there where are looking go today ? User : I am not sure yet , have a few options which I am looking to explore Wizard I can help with that , where are you looking depart from ? User : I need to see to a disobedient little Sharpei in Beach I be available travel from the first of September until the 18th Wizard : That sounds like fun ! Do you have a city of departure in mind ? User : No , have no departure . I am travelling Wizard : Got it . can get you from Los Angeles to Long Beach , from September 8 to 18 . Would this work ? User : That could work yes , is it under 4800 Wizard : Definitely , total cost comes to 1062.90USD . User : Is the hotel near a park ? Wizard : Its not , but near airport ! : Can you look into Pittsburgh for me Wizard : Would this be Pittsburgh as city of or Pittsburgh as the ? User Destination Wizard I 've got you a star hotel near the park ! How does 13 days at the Onyx Isle Hotel , from September 3 to 18 , sound ? User : Where is this hotel situated ? Wizard : Its in Pittsburgh , as you requested . User : I mean what nearby hotel Wizard : Just the park . : Book me please Wizard : Will do ! Have a great stay ! : Thank you : dog : User : hey so i need 2 get my parents out of town where can u ship em between septemeber 2 and 13th for 3500 dollars ? leaving from montreal Wizard : From Montreal any destination between September 2nd 13th on budget of $ 3500 . Will that be for adults ? User : yes correct Wizard : Are your dates flexible ? User ah Wizard : I have no flights Montreal on those dates User : is that possible User : Hi there ! Got anything from Kabul to Tel Aviv ? Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : Show me the you 've got Oops , there are no results this request . User : Nothing from Kabul to Tel Aviv ? No sorry : That sucks . I 'll look somewhere else Wizard I could n't be more help ! a nice day User : I need to book a company vacation from August 29th until September first Wizard For how many people and to where ? User : Ahhhh lets , in total there are 22 of us . Leaving Tel Aviv and going to Buenos Aires Wizard : dates set or can they be changed ? User : Set , we have to be back at work Wizard : I can not any hotel bundles in Buenos Aires out of Tel Aviv for that many people . Can I try other cities for you ? User : Check out Washington Wizard : Washington is also unavailable User Is anywhere ? Wizard : For a group of out of Aviv , we have nothing available : Hi , I want to take my kid to Maceio . Will you able to help me with this trip ? Wizard : Yes . Where will you leaving from ? User : Sorry forgot to tell you ! We 're Paris . Wizard : many people altogether ? User : So myself and my child Wizard : What your budget ? User : Nothing mind . you show me a options to help me decide ? Wizard : Sure , when would you like to leave ? User : We do n't have a preference . We want to for a few days ... maybe a week : There are no results . leave from a different location ? User We could also leave Sao Paulo Wizard : There are no results for this either . User : Sorry my bad . I meant we can also go to Paulo instead of Maceio . Wizard : We have a star hotel the heart of the city , a cathedral , and theatre There is a 6.91/10 rating and they offer free breakfast and wifi . This is a business class flight from September 12th to 18th and the price for this package is 5881.15 . User : could actually do economy Wizard : Yes , the economy package is . User : That works ! Can you book it for me ? Wizard : ! It is booked and you will receive a confirmation soon ! Have a great day ! : Awesome ! User : i am in santiago and need a under 4200 dollars : You can go to Puebla , for one , where you be staying 17 days at the Brewery Mexico from September 2 to 17 . Thoughts ? User oh i need to travel from sept 8 until 13 Wizard : How about the Echo in La Paz , from September 8 to 13 ? User : could be good - what are the details of the hotel Wizard : 4 stars a sterling 8.98/10 guest rating perhaps because it full of : parking , free breakfast , free wifi . User : what is the price ? Wizard : For one adult , the price is 2615.94USD . User : its perfect ! i like to it : Done ! was a working you today : slightly_smiling_face : User : ok thank User : I ’ m wondering can I bring my wife and kids Kingston for 2800 dollars ? Wizard : It will all depend on where you are leaving from . To confirm , will be 2 adults and 3 kids ? User : Correct yes , and we will leave from Recife . Wizard : From to Kingston there nothing available . Could I search other packages for you ? User : Ahhh ok , maybe try Phoenix . If perhaps the problem is budget lets just up it by another thousand dollars . Wizard : Did you have some in mind ? User : Yes , have a wide stretch of possible vacation from September 13th until October 3rd Wizard Travel packages not available to Phoenix from Kingston for 2 adults and 3 children during those dates for that budget . I regret I can not make possible suggestions , but i can other destinations for you . User : Well what about in Goiania . ? Wizard : Nothing , . User : Hi there .. I need to get out of town . I 've got 's block being stuck in the house .. Wizard : I can help with that ! Where would like to go ? : Brasilia perhaps . spouse and child will travel so three of in total . Wizard : Great . Where would you be flying out of ? User Also , my budget is tight .. I n't had a good year and can spend about 4000 but would like to stay for 9 days . Leaving City : You 're in luck : I have exactly what you be looking for ! 9 days at the Tower , September 10 17 . How does that sound ? User : That sounds ideal .. what would the cost be ? Wizard For one adult , 3558.40USD for business class , and 2794.59USD for economy class . User Two adults child . I thought I it clear that there would be three of . Wizard : Unfortunately , I do not have trips to Mexico City for this parameter which fits under this budget . Would you like to consider leaving some guests behind , searching an alternate destination ? User : I absolutely would not leave family behind ... a little ridiculous for you to suggest that .. However , I would consider going to Paris Wizard : Unfortunately we do not have a trip to Paris for the given parameters . User : Not if we travel for 8 days ? Wizard : The cheapest trip we have to Paris is 6725.50USD , albeit at a very nice 4 star hotel ! User : Ah , still out of my price range . Well thanks but no good User : What hotels do you have Vancouver ? Wizard Where are you leaving from ? : Do you have a budget ? User : Well I kind of want to see what hotels you have first . My change a on options : many people are travelling ? User : myself Wizard : Would you like a star hotel or a 4 star hotel ? User : For I want the best you 've got Wizard : Our very best package is a 4 star hotel , 10/10 guest rating a and museum , free parking , breakfast , and wifi , from September 3rd to 14th , business class 3015.77 and the economy package is 2362.11 . User : Okay that hotel sounds good ! Sorry I forgot to tell you my dates : I can leave Friday September 2nd or later . Are those for a week ? Wizard The prices are from September 3rd to 14th . User : Can I spend a bit more to stay longer ? Wizard : This is the longest package there is . User : I 'll take it ! Wizard : ! I 'll book this trip then send you confirmation ! a nice day ! User : Perfect , thanks ! User : I 'm looking for a between September 1 and 11 Wizard : Perfect , will you be travelling to and what city would you like to depart from ? User : Leaving from St. Petersburg Destination Punta Cana ! Wizard : Number of people ? Adults and kids . User : Just adult : Did you have a budget in mind ? User : Not exactly . I want to compare a few options . Wizard : From St. to Punta Cana , I have no available packages . Are your flexible , by any ? User : my dates are n't too flexible unfortunately , I have a few destinations in mind , Can you check for Kobe ? Wizard : I have a 6 day package available to from St. Petersburg during those . The Resort Ancient Angel is a 3.5 star hotel the Royal Island a star located near market and the palace . Do one of interest you ? User : What the difference between the hotels ? Wizard : There 's not a huge difference . One is a 3 the a 3.5 star . The 3.5 Resort Ancient Angel has a guest rating of 8.69/10 and is available from Sept 6th to the 10th whereas the 3 star Royal Island Inn no guest ratings yet and is available from Sept 1st to the 5th . They both include free . The 3.5 star Resort Ancient Angel is about $ more for a 6 day stay . User : Can you help me check for options in Miami ? Wizard : The Majestic Island Inn & Suites is our option in Miami . It is a 3.5 star rated hotel with guest rating of 8.8/10 and is open for a 7 day stay . Wifi , parking and breakfast are included . User : How many days is this package ? Wizard 7 days for the price of 1008.99USD if you travel via economy class : Lastly can you help me check for Valencia Wizard In Valencia , I have 2 choices for your stay . Stardust Hotel has a 4 star rating or The Gold which has a 5 star rating . Both are available for a day . User : Can you tell me a bit more about hotels ? Wizard The Stardust Hotel has an excellent guest rating 9.32/10 and includes free wifi It is located near the museum and is priced at 2378.72USD . The Gold - 7 days also has an excellent guest rating of 8.98/10 , free wifi and is priced at 2358.99USD . User What will be the travel dates for these two packages ? Wizard : The flights on both these packages are same - Sept 6 to Sept 11 and the flights are available in both economy business . User : Can you let me know the costs for the Kobe packages ? : Royal Island Inn is 2837.59USD and the Ancient Angel is 3408.83USD Pricing is based on economy class flights . User : And the Valencia prices you gave me earlier also based on flights ? Wizard : Yes they . User : I will go with the Stardust Hotel in Valencia . Can confirm the Wizard I will the booking the Stardust hotel in from sept 6 to Sept 11 and send you an email . Thank you for your patience and have a lovely day . User Amazing ! Thanks the help ! : Hey looking for a sweet deal a family vacation Wizard : Where to ? : Paris is one possibility Wizard : Where are you leaving from ? User : Valencia Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : Yes 3400 dollars Wizard : How many people are travelling ? User : 2 kids and 2 adults Wizard : When would you like to ? User : 30 or after Wizard : We a 4 hotel , 8.49/10 guest rating , free breakfast wifi , August 31st to September 8th , the business class package is 3354.79 , the economy class package is 2749.29 . User : it in the shopping district - the hotel Wizard : My database not provide me information User : What would be in Seattle - for our budget ? Wizard : There is nothing Las Seattle that meets your requirements . User : Fine . Sao Paulo ? Wizard : No sorry . User : What if budget by 1000 ? Wizard : No sorry . User : Nothing in Seattle either budget increase ? Wizard : No . User : Fine ok well lets just book Paris Wizard : Okay ! Your flight has been booked Thank you for using our services ! Have a great day ! User : Thanks User : so I have 6 vacation and I must leave from Punta Cana Wizard : Can I interest you with a 6 day trip Brazil Mundo in Manas from September 11 to . User : Yes perhaps , can I hear the details Wizard : For only 1919.72USD , you 'd be near a park . User : how many stars ? Wizard : 2.5 stars User : hm ok well can I hear my other options I can also offer you a trip to Double Gorge Inn & Suites , San Juan from September 12 to 17 , for 1996.46USD . User : and what amenities are included Wizard : This hotel offers free parking , free breakfast , free ! User : wow , great ! ok what else ? Wizard : can also you to Busan from September 1 to 5 , you 'd at a 3 star hotel near the park , museum , and university . Would you be interested in this package ? User : is breakfast included Wizard : Indeed it is , along with wifi and parking ! User : what is the price for that one ? Wizard : The total comes to 3814.63USD . Would you like me to look up more destinations ? User ok : How does sound ? Would you like me look up more destinations ? User : I to go with San Juan Wizard : Sure , would you prefer business class or economy class seats ? User : Business Wizard : That would cost 2507.91USD . Should I go ahead and confirm this booking User : yes please Wizard : Great , you 're booked , we hope you have a wonderful trip ! User : u User : I need get to Porto leave Santo Domingo Wizard : Do you have a budget ? : : unamused : no Wizard : How people are travelling ? User : adults Wizard : When would you like to leave and/or return ? User : I can leave whatever but return by september 19 : We have a 4 star hotel the beach , near a park , shopping , mall . The hotel has a 10/10 guest and offers free breakfast and wifi . This package is a business class flight and is from September 8th to 17th . The cost of this package is 5933.81 User : do you haev a 5 in santo domingo tho Wizard : No , the 4 star the highest rating available . User I mean in Punta Cana do you have 5 stars Wizard : No we only have 0 and 2.5 hotels in Punta Cana . : Porto Wizard : you like me to book this package to Porto ? User yes Wizard : Lovely ! This package is booked for you ! You will receive confirmation email soon : ! many adults and children will be traveling on this trip ? User : 2 Wizard : 2 0 children , is that correct ? User : yes Wizard : can you a 11 day trip at the Oceanside Hotel , you want this ? User : whats its rating Wizard : 3.5 star hotel , 8.22/10 by its guests . User : where else can I stay with a higher rating Wizard That 's our best hotel in Fukuoka ! Would you check different destination ? User : fine , check buenos aires Wizard : We 've got a 4 star hotel in Buenos Aires , by its guests . Would you like to know more this option ? User : yeah , sure ! whats like Wizard : You would be living heart of the city next to a . You 'd also get to indulge in amenities such as free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi . Total trip is 12 days , should I go ahead and book this trip ? User : but fine , book it Wizard : Will do ! Hope the rest of your day goes swimmingly : slightly_smiling_face : User : Hey there Wizard : Hi ! How can I help you ? User : I ’ m looking to a couple clients from Lima , got the company card so no budget involved . However I can ’ t leave until September 12 at the . So there ’ ll be adults total travelling . Looking at Rosario perhaps Wizard : There is a 4 star hotel near stores for shopping , This hotel has a 8.86/10 guest rating and free and wifi . package is from September 18th to . The business package costs 14863.71 the economy package costs 11540.51 . User : Ahh ok . I wouldn ’ t mind leaving a little earlier Wizard : This is the only availability have . User What have you got in Cleveland ? Wizard : We do have anything in cleveland . User : In Philadelphia ? Wizard : We a 2 star hotel from the 13th to 25th of it is near a park and museum . The hotel has a rating and offers free parking breakfast and wifi . The business package costs 5016.50 . User : 2 won ’ t do . The Rosario package seems the only reasonable option . Lets book it- business class Wizard : Wonderful is booked Have a great trip ! User : Thanks : you can send me to Manaus pronto Wizard : I 'd love to do that , but are departing from ? User : Curitiba Wizard : Sure how does 12 nights at the Hotel Aquamarine River sound ? User well I do n't know anything the hotel aquamarine so ...... Wizard : Its a 2.5 hotel conveniently situated near shopping . Its got a full suite of amenities , from free wifi , to parking to breakfast , which has garnered it a sparkling 6.77/10 rating ! : needs a higher rating Wizard : Sure , I can also offer 9 nights at Tranquil Hotel a 3 star hotel with a 8.49/10 rating . How does that sound ? User : also bad . else Wizard : This is the best hotel we 've got the city . Would you try different ? : fine . look in Denver for me . 5 stars please Wizard : have n't got a 5 star hotel in Denver - would you be interested in a 4 star hotel with a 8.69/10 guest rating instead ? User : possibly .. does it have a spa ? Wizard : No spa but it does have free wi-fi ! User : Hi , do you have flights out of Tel Aviv ? Wizard : For one person ? Any travel in mind ? User : Nope , I wish I will dragging 4 other adults with me . No set dates specifically .. Wizard : It seems we have no flights out of Tel Aviv . Can search other departure cities for ? User : Darn , I can also leave from Beijing Wizard : I 'm not showing any results out of Beijing either , : That is very unfortunate . Thanks for your help though ! Wizard : You are welcome Hi ! I a vacation . Not where I wan na but I ’ ve got 8 days off starting August 30th : Where are you leaving from ? User : Goiania Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : Nah Wizard We have packages to Los Angeles , Cancun , Puebla , and New York . User : Lets hear the Puebla package Wizard : We have a 4 star hotel near a park , there is a 8.49/10 guest rating , they offer free breakfast , parking , and wifi , and the trip is from August 30th to September 6th . The business class package is 2297.46 . The economy class package is 1793.96 . User : What about Nework ? What are the package details ? : This is a 2.5 star hotel near the airport museum , guest rating , free parking , breakfast , and wifi departing 12th and returning the 19th . The business package is 3339.33 and the economy class package is 2598.20 . User : What can you Cancun ? Wizard : This is 3 star hotel , guest rating , breakfast , wifi and parking , departing September 1st and returning on the 8th The business package costs 3299.86 and the economy package costs 2565.53 . User : Ok , not bad . Before I with a booking can you also check out Los Angeles me ? Wizard : is a 3 star hotel near a university , 8.86/10 guest rating , free breakfast , wifi , and , departing September 2nd and returning on the 9th . Business class package costs , the package costs 3370.51 . User : Could you remind me the Puebla price ? Wizard : Business package is 2297.46 and economy package is 1793.96 . User : would like to book the trip to Puebla Wizard : It is done ! You will get email confirmation soon ! Have a great trip ! User Thanks : smile : User : Can you help me book a trip to Mexico City ? We 'll be 4 adults and 6 kids Long . Wizard : When would you like to travel ? User : Our dates are . : I have 6 , 9 , 10 and 12 day packages available in Mexico City . Do you have a dollar amount in mind that you are willing to spend ? User : I would prefer longer packages , my budget total is 8300 . Wizard For $ 8300 , the longest I offer you is 6 at either the Coast , Sublime Echo or the Hotel Tropic . All 3 located on the beach . The first one is a 3.5 star and other are 3 resorts . User : If I increase my to $ 9800 would there be much better options ? : At that budget , I can offer you the Exalted Willow Resort & Suites for 12 days . Located the beach , 3.5 star offers free parking and unlimited wifi . total price this resort , economy flights included is 9647.67USD . User : Are there any other options or is this it ? Wizard : The other option would be a day package at the Hotel Tropic , discussed previously on day package . This a 3 star resort beachfront resort offered at a cost of 9774.68USD . User : I would definitely prefer Exalted Willow Resort & Suites . Wizard : Should I proceed with the booking then ? User : Yes please ! Wizard I have care of it . a good day . User : Super ! Thanks ! User : Hey hey ! I 've got a 10 break earned and can take it any time after the second of September So , I 'd like to explore my options departing from Rio de Janeiro Wizard : Certainly ! Do you have any companions on trip ? User : Ah , this is a Solo trip Wizard : about days at the Bronze Luxury Hotel , 5-star with a pristine 10/10 guest rating ? I can book you from September 11 to 20 . User : Ah wonderful , but where is it ? Wizard : Its in beautiful Sacramento . User : Where else are there packages available ? Wizard : I can also send scenic Montreal , where you 'd be staying The Illustrious Haven Hotel a 4 star with a stellar 8.86/10 guest rating ! User : What is the ? Does the hotel have any included amenities ? : For economy class the price will be 2797.81USD , and includes free parking and wifi . it is located near a market and a ! User : Well ok .. what else is for me in terms of ? Wizard : A beachfront resort in Brasilia awaits you ... namely 10 at the Sublime Tower ! : beach_with_umbrella : : awesome ! What does the hotel have to offer ? Wizard : In addition to being near a beach , it also in close proximity to and . Amenities are stacked : free wifi , breakfast , . User : And the rating ? Wizard : 3.5 stars , its legions of satisfied guests ! : Not too at all . So far that 's got my eye the others . I book it , are there any other available in my parameters that have a 5 star hotel ? Wizard Am I to that you have an budget ? User Well I mean I not rolling in dough but I 'm splurging here Wizard : about the Oishi in Hiroshima ? 4.5 stars , 8.86 guest rating , and near museum . User : Amenities ? Dates ? Wizard : wifi , and the dates are September 8 to 15 . User : What are the dates for the Brasilia trip ? Wizard : September 10 to . User : Can I get anything a little closer to September ? I 'm anxious to go now ! Wizard : How about the Tranquil Inn in San Jose ? 4 stars , and I can book you from 2 to 10 . User : Not bad ! Near the beach ? Wizard : It is near both the beach the museum User : I 'm impressed ! Breakfast included ? Wizard Not only breakfast , but also wifi ! User : Alright , 've sold me ! 's the ? I wan na : For business class I can send you on your way for 6125.75USD . User : Done . Thanks for your assistance ! Wizard : Thanks for your business ! Have a great day ! User : Hi , I looking for a package to Chicago from Brasilia . Wizard : will you be travelling alone or in a group User : It 'll . Wizard : Do you have any preference to when you will travel ? User : Yes , I hope travel between August 29 and September 9 Wizard : Would you prefer your stay 5 , or 11 days ? User Of those 3 options , I would prefer days Wizard : We have an 11 day package at the Inn Suites , 2 star for 1783.36USD . It has a guest rating of 7.06/10 . User : Any other hotel options Wizard : Only one an 11 day stay . User : Can you check if there are other hotel options for September 1 - 20 ? Wizard : There sure . My longest one is at the 2.5 star Quiet Sanctuary for an day stay . It has a guest rating of 8.69 / User : What are the departure dates this one ? Wizard : Sept through the 19th User : seem to work .. How much is this one ? : if you choose to fly by economy , the cost is by business it is 2856.24USD package also includes a complimentary breakfast free along parking . User : And the he Sierra Inn & Suites ? Does it have the same amenities ? Wizard all three included in that package too . User : In this I 'll actually go back to the 11 day package . Can book that one ? Wizard : course you can ! Do you want to fly there on economy or business class ? you go by class , price is $ 2281.83USD . User Economy is fine ! Wizard : Your trip has been booked . Have a super day ! : +1 : User : Amazing ! User : I need a booking for adults from Milan to Cana Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : No , I ’ ve got fund Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : Doesn ’ t matter Wizard : have a star hotel near palace , guest rating , from September 2nd 12th , business class , total cost 22183.33 . There is also a 2.5 star hotel near the , 0/10 guest rating , from September 10th to 15th , business class , total cost is 20805.57 . User : I ’ m gon na need stronger . Try Puebla instead . : We have a 4 star hotel near a 8.49/10 guest rating , free parking , , and wifi This package is from August 30th to September 9th , for business the price is 25367.59 and for economy class the price is 19615.32 User : Not ! Is it located near nightlife ? Wizard : My database does not have this information User : Can tell me anything about the location ? Wizard : It is near a park . The hotel is called Los Campeones . User : What ’ ve you got available in Dublin ? Wizard : have a 2 star hotel in the heart of the city , near a , mall , and university . hotel has a guest rating and free breakfast , wifi , and parking . This package is from August 30th to September 13th . The class flights cost 15241.10 and the class flights cost 11822.12 . User : Don ’ t bother giving me information on anything under 4 stars from now on ! I guess puebla is the only suitable you can give me ? Wizard : Yes . User : . Book that Wizard : Okay . This is booked for you ! Have a day ! User : Fam vacation services please Wizard : Thats what we do best ! Where would you like to go ? User : Portland please . 2 and one adult Wizard : And whence do you intend on ? User : Leaving Baltimore Wizard : Unfortunately we do n't have results for this flight . Do you alternate plans ? User : I can go instead Leon Wizard How does 14 days a star beach resort sound to you ? User : Very nice I would like to hear more know the price Wizard : 'd be your every whim at the Serene Palms Resort , a veritable enclave decadence situated near the beach and palace For 9341.63USD , you get a business class and free wifi . User : What would the price economy flight Wizard : 7258.45USD User : Much better Ok , book Thanks : And book I shall ! User : stuck Beijing , but I need the first flight back to Las Vegas alright ? Wizard : no results were this query . Could you be so so to supply an alternate destination ? User : fine I can hope over to Ulsan and take off outta there whatcha got ? Wizard : you fancy a 9 day at the Retro Inn ? User : yea yea sure wherever so as its under 2300 bucks Wizard : Unfortunately , we do not have packages that fit that price . User so I 've ... send me to Paris then Wizard : No results found . User : Hey ! I need to book a flight asap . I tomorrow any day after Wizard : where do you need to go ? User : Kingston . Leaving from Dublin Wizard : For one adult ? User : Exactly Wizard : Our soonest available flight departing Dublin to Kingston on the 6th of September and includes a day stay . that be appropriate for you User : Will there be earlier flights if I leave from Mexico City ? : The earliest flight I have leaving Mexico also on September 6 that package includes a 5 day stay . User : Okay , what about from Dublin to San Diego , are there earlier flights Wizard : I have none from Dublin to San User : Anything for Mexico City to San Diego any chance ? Wizard Sept departure is the departure Mexico City destination San Diego includes a 5 day stay . User : then , I will go from to Kingston then ! How much will it cost ? Wizard : I have 2 choices departing on the 6th - the 3 star Exalted Raven & B for 666.28USD based on a 9 day and is ONLY with a business class upgrade or the 3.5 star Golden Excalibur Hotel for $ 577.72USD based on an economy class flight , also available for $ 673.74USD User : My would be the Golden Excalibur Hotel for $ Wizard Should I proceed with booking then ? User : Absolutely ! you ! Wizard : Booked ! Have a nice day ! User Jerusalem to Belem 2 adults 4000 dollar budget . Leave on September Wizard : There are no results . User : Fine Leaving from Sapporo Wizard : is nothing your budget . User : Well I ’ ll up it to 5200 . I ’ ll leave one person behind I ’ go Busan instead Wizard : There is a 4.5 star hotel near the , 8.8/10 guest , free breakfast wifi , and parking . This package from September 8th to 14th and the cost is 4531.64 . User : Ok , that ’ s fine Book it Wizard : Done ! Have a good day ! User : ok bud I 'm sure you 've never dealt with kinda thing in ur line of work but 've got a bit of a bad rap here on the streets of Burlington I 've ta lay low for little while ... I 've got 1700 dollars burn . can ya get to Long by the first of next month Wizard : I can get to your destination on your budget ... but only on the 8th of September . Would you still be with this ? User what about San Juan Long Beach . sooner Wizard : have another offer for 8th of September User : well , what if I go to Baltimore ? can lay low for while ... Wizard : We can get you from Burlington to Baltimore on the 2nd of September . Would you be interested in that ? User ! PERFECT ! how much : For only 1059.70USD , for 13 day stay . User alrighty you got business pal book stat ' Wizard : Booked ! Have a great trip ! : thanks bucko User : HELLO Wizard : Hi ! User : I HAVE 32,700 DOLLARS BLOW ON A TRIP JUST WON BIG THE ACE . OK SO I AM BRINGING A LOAD OF MY FRIENDS AND MY 4 KIDS ON A TRIP OK WE WAN NA GO BETWEEN SEPTEMBER 8 AND 22ND … . LEAVING FROM CORDOBA Wizard : many will there be ? User : SEVEN Wizard : There are packages to Buenos Aires , Denver , Toronto , Santo Domingo , New , and Manaus . User : WHAT IS THE BEST HOTEL : Would you be near a beach and shopping , or and cathedral ? User : BEACH SHOPPIN ! ! ! ! Wizard : Our best package is a 4 star hotel in Santo with a guest rating free parking breakfast , and wifi . This is from 8th to 21st . The business is 20967.48 and the economy class package is 16431.51 . User : GREAT ! I WANT IT BOOK PLEASE Wizard Done ! You receive confirmation soon ! a great trip and safe travels ! User : THANK U User : 5 adults to Cordoba from Goiania , no budget , just luxury Wizard : The best hotel I can find in Goiania is the Sunset Baron , a 3.5 star . Would you like to book this ? User : Try Cleveland Wizard : The best hotel I can find in Cleveland is 3 stars , with a 8.98/10 rating . does that sound ? : . Wizard : The I 've got in Naples is 4-star , sound good ? User Tell more about it : You would be staying at the Tower Hotel , whose guests have it 8.86 / 10 , and it offers free breakfast and . User : Located in the heart of the city ? Wizard : I do have enough information on that , sorry . User : 'll look elsewhere User : ok so i am free to travel from september 13 until the 23. can you tell me my options Sao Paulo leaving from Sapporo please Wizard : Are you traveling alone ? User : yes Wizard : Do have budget ? User : Wizard Our best package is a 3 star in the of the city near a cathedral and The hotel has a 6.91/10 rating and offers free breakfast and . This package is from September 13th to 18th a business class flight that costs 6402.19 . User : ok i ’ ll keep it in mind what do you have available manaus Wizard : We have a 2.5 hotel shopping , 6.77/10 guest rating , parking , and wifi , September 14th to 22nd , business are 5393.55 , economy flights are 4113.56 . User : no hotel ? Wizard : No sorry . : what do you Fort Lauderdale : Nothing . User : what Kyoto ? Wizard : We have 3 star hotels in Kyoto . : many ? Wizard : 4 User : are the differences between Wizard : Glorious Bazaar Resort , near a museum , 0/10 guest rating free breakfast and wifi Sakura Inn near a museum , 8.69/10 guest rating free wifi . Southern Palace in the heart of city , near museum , 6.61/10 guest rating , free breakfast and wifi . quiet garden Resort a museum , 8.22/10 rating free breakfast and wifi . User : I would like to in the heart of the city , can I book that one Wizard : Sure You will receive confirmation within minutes by email . Have a great day ! User : thank Uu ! ! User Hi there ! My wife and I have 5 children . We are free to travel August 31 September 18 . We have a few destinations in mind first one is Sacramento . Oh and 're located in Sendai . Wizard : Sure thing . We can send you to Sacramento for 7 days or 13 days , what would you like ? User : Well , I have a budget 9700 . Which would fit my budget zone Wizard : cheapest option Sacramento for many people is Salt Water Inn at 15399.53USD , so Sacramento is not within your budget . User : How about Rio de Janeiro ? Wizard : Nothing is available in Rio de Janeiro . I can try to see if I can get some options by making your dates flexible . Would you like me to try ? User : My dates are not exactly flexible . However , I have a third destination in mind Maybe I 'll have luck with Vancouver ? Wizard : No Vancouver is not available either User : Okay fine let 's make dates flexible see if find something . Wizard : It still did not yield results , other destinations I could check for you User : Nothing for Rio Janeiro either ? Wizard : Nothing to Rio de Janeiro either . User : Would you see if there 's anything for Sacramento if the dates are made flexible ? Wizard : am no longer showing packages form Sendai to Sacramento , I am sorry must have booked Please come . User : That 's unfortunate ! I think I will have a discussion with my wife again . need to change our preferred . will contact you again once we reach a decision . , thanks for your help ! Wizard : Thank you for your immense patience ! User : Hi . I am looking to visit friends Queenstown , leaving from Belo Horizonte . The total will be 6 adults and 5 children : Cool ! Do you have a departure and return in mind ? User : No , we can go whenever is suitable for our budget : 37600 dollars Wizard : We you up at the 5 star Illustrious Pool Hotel for days , from 12-18 . How does that sound ? User : Very . What does the hotel include ? Wizard It comes with and wifi . User : And is it located near any landmarks ? Wizard The reveals such information . User : Ok. Are there other options ? Wizard : There is ! can put in a different five star hotel , the Orb Palace , which close to the and airport . User Ok ! Breakfast included ? Wizard : Yes , along with free wifi . User : What is price difference between and Illustrious Pool Wizard economy class flights , the Illustrious costs 28554.62USD for 8 days the Silver Palace costs 28864.93USD for . User : ok , how much for Illustrious Pool if we fly business class ? Wizard : 36667.82USD User : Great , lets take package Wizard : , booked . Have fun ! : Thanks ! User : Hi I 've got investors to meet with in Nagoya sometime in the near future . I can from anywhere Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : Whenever Wizard : Do you have a budget ? : no Wizard : We only have 3 star hotels but do you prefer business class flights or economy ? User : Business . Where are hotels located ? I 'd like to be in the heart the city . Wizard : Unfortunately there is only one hotel and it is near a university . User That could work guess , what is price ? : is our cheapest business package . User : Cool , book it please Wizard : Great ! It booked ! a great day ! User : : smile : User : Hello . me and my grand child would to go on a a trip . Wizard : Can you me more information on what your requirements are ? ' User : I won 3300 on the slots and like to go to Kobe Wizard : Cool ! Do you have any dates in mind ? : I 'm available from September 12 to 26th Wizard Where will you be ? User : phoenix . Wizard : Nothing goes from Phoenix to Kobe on your budget . Any alternate destinations ? User : I go to Burlington , I suppose Wizard : I can you to Burlington ... how would you like to stay at the Celestial Inn & Suites ? User : hotel ... Does it have ? Wizard : They offer free breakfast wifi ! User : When does airplane take off to take me to ? Wizard : The flight departs at 10:00AM on September 12 , and the flight departs at 3:00AM on September 18 . User : This terrible . I can not leave at 3 am ! Wizard : All of our return flights from Burlington depart 3:00AM . User : Goodbye , you ca n't offer me a good trip ! User : Hi , I want take my two grandchildren for a little holiday . We are living in Phili and they finish on September 11 so we can leave anytime afterwards . We have to be back by September 22 so they can go the 23 . Wizard : Will that be just one adult and 2 kids ? User : You are right ! Wizard : do you have a destination in mind ? User : Mexico City would be . Wizard : How much would you like to spend ? User : That 's no issue , I 'd spend anything for a good time with my grandkids ! We do n't fly from to Mexico City . Anywhere else ? User : What about Vancouver ? Wizard : In Vancouver , we have the lovely Obsidian Gem Inn on a day stay . It is rated 4 stars , is located near a park and includes free parking , wifi and your breakfast . This package deal is worth 2538.96USD and will get you back before school starts on 16 . User : And leaves on the ? Wizard : correct User : Would you by any chance have any trips to Denver too ? Wizard : I have 4 , 5 and 6 available Would you like to be near the park or the ? : Definitely the park 6 day trip would be nice Wizard : I have Brass Renaissance Resort , 3 star , near a park , breakfast and wifi at 2351.83USD I also have the Solar Inn , 3 star , not sure about the , includes only wifi at 1956.7USD . : Do you know the guest ratings of two hotels ? Wizard : The Renaissance Resort is 8.86 / 10 and the Solar is 8.69 / 10 . User : And for the Vancouver one ? Wizard : The guest rating is 8.8 / User : Thanks for looking ! I I will still prefer the Vancouver package . Can you book it for us with business seats ? Wizard : Sure can ! Booked on business for a total . User : thankyou : Looking for a trip of SL for 3 adults kids Wizard : Do you have a ? User : 24,600 Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User After the 8th of Wizard : We have 5 star hotel near a , cathedral , and palace in Madrid . hotel has a 9.16/10 guest rating and free breakfast and wifi . The trip is from September 9th to 26th and is an economy flight . price is 23961.26 User : Sounds lovely . What is the hotel name ? Wizard : El De La Reina : OK I guess we 'll book one . Thanks Wizard : Ok this booked for you ! Have a great ! User : Thanks User : Hi I need to check out trips available to Houston from Athens 5 and business flights please , leaving after September 6th Wizard : Great , I can book on business class flights to the Elton , departing September 13 and returning September 16 for 30151.13USD . Would you to go ahead and confirm this booking ? User : Whats hotel like ? Wizard : Its rated 2.5 stars but 6.37/10 from its guests . Its located near the mall , and offers amenities : free breakfast , wifi , and parking . : If nothing else in Houston , check out Dallas Wizard : The only available hotel in Dallas is also rated 2.5 . Which destination you prefer ? User La Paz , last chance : We have four star hotel in La Paz , does that sound to you ? User : Sounds better ! What are the details ? Wizard : At the Echo , would be treated to free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi . This hotel is rated 8.98/10 by guests ! User : How much for the business class flight package ? And how long our stay be ? Wizard : For a 10 day stay , pay . User : . Let ’ s book that . Wizard : You 're booked User : Thanks ! User : Hey , I to get on the next flight Sao . I 'm in Portland . Just one ? User : Correct . Wizard : We do n't have any packages from Portland to Sao Paulo . User : What about Mannheim to Sao Paulo then ? Wizard : are a few . The earliest available is on Sept 2nd . User : Are there earlier ones if I fly from to Denver : None : What Mannheim to Denver ? Wizard : None either User Okay guess the September 2 one is my only ! How much is that one ? Wizard : Spire Hotel is 5 day package including parking , breakfast and wifi for 2980.32USD User : Please for me . Wizard : Perfect I will book it for you then ! User : Hi , looking for a business class package to Philadelphia , leaving Ciudad Juarez , after August Wizard : Hello ! User : 6 adults in total travelling Wizard Do you have budget ? User : Nope , but ca n't leave until after August 31st Wizard : We have a 2 star hotel near a park and museum 6.61/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast , and wifi departing August 31st , returning September 10th , business class , total is 8106.32 User : Is anything nicer available in Philadelphia ? Wizard No . User : Can you find nicer in Baltimore ? : We have a 3 star hotel near park , 8.69/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast , and wifi , business class flight , from September 2nd to 14th , and the price is 3955.65 . How about in San Francisco ? Wizard : We only have 2.5 star hotels . : So the best you can offer is the 3 star in Baltimore ? Wizard : Yes . User : Ok , that 'll do . Book that please User : Hey , to surprise my baby mama in Tofino by my kids for visit . Wizard : Great ! Where will you be from ? User : Fukuoka . Wizard : Unfortunately , we have no results for itinerary . : ok , well can travel to San Diego and go from there . : Is this San Diego to Tofino you 're looking for User : no , Fukuoka to San Diego Wizard : I can get you there from September 12 to 19 , for a total of 11460.60USD . User : Where would we be staying ? Wizard : You would be staying at the Majestic Mountain Inn , offers , wifi , and parking User : How many stars Wizard : 2.5 stars , 6.91/10 guest User : Book please Wizard : I have booked this trip for you ! User : Thanks ! User : so need to get from Milan to Ulsan . sept 6 to 11 Wizard : Certainly ! How does five days at the Crimson Seaside Hotel sound ? User : i dont know , how well rated is this hotel ? Wizard : Quite well - 4.0 stars . User : hm sell me on it a bit more . amenities they offer Wizard : As you wish ! The hotel is located near a bustling market and picturesque palace in Ulsan . Your stay will feature free wifi usage as well as free parking . User : But I 'll have to pay for breakfast ? Wizard Sadly there is no free at the Seaside Hotel : disappointed : User : but how much would i stand to Wizard : flying economy class the price would be for the whole package . User can you confirm the dates for me Wizard : You would depart Milan on September 6th , returning on September 9th . User : and thats the longest trip you can get me , based on range of i you ? Wizard : Yes , I ’ m sorry User : how about if i were to leave on august 30th instead could still book me but for longer ? Wizard : I sure could ! I have 10 day packages at Sapphire Time or the Escape Cave . Both are 5 star located near parks and shopping districts ; the former near a market and theatre with the latter near a mall . Both offer free parking wifi , sadly no free breakfast , and The Sapphire Time features a 8.98 guest rating with the Escape Cave 8.8/10 in user reviews . User : How could I say no the Sapphire ? What 's the longest stay you can arrange for me ? Wizard : I can give you 10 days the Sapphire Time from 3 until the 11th . : me down for that , please and thank you ! Wizard : You ’ got it : slightly_smiling_face : Economy or Business class flights User : How much more does business class cost ? Wizard : 4638.5USD , economy package would total 3612.60USD ) User : do n't if i do ... business class . book it ... Wizard Sure User : heyo Wizard : Good morning , how may we help you ? User : need to get mexico city . currently stationed in dublin Wizard : When you to go ? User : around sept 8 or after Wizard : return date in mind ? User : ’ ve got 5000 , so as as that can last us . oh yeah we ’ be two adults Wizard : How long are looking stay in Mexico for ? User : just tell me how far i can go on 5 grand ok ? : That always on the type hotel choose the destination , but at the moment I can offer a 13 day package in a 3 star hotel . The Hotel Tropic offer a 13 day stay on the beach close to shopping and breakfast and wifi for 2182.81USD User : would to opt for a higher end hotel if did stay as Wizard We also have the Coast a 3.5 star hotel which includes parking wifi located the museum , beach , shopping , mall 2046.58USD . User : Nice , I ’ d that…how long that trip be ? Wizard : This one is a 12 package departing on Sept 10 and on the 21st User Done deal . Lets book it . : could be of . I will take care of that booking and forward your flight information . Thank you and have a great week . User : Thank you ! User : Hi there I 'm in Fukuoka now and I need to get to Pittsburgh asap . Wizard : Yes . Do you have a ? User : 4000 , but the lower the better . Wizard : When would you to leave ? User : On or after September 13 . : Great , and are you alone ? : Yup ! Wizard : have hotel . It is a star near a park and museum , it has a 8.49/10 guest rating , they offer free , wifi , and parking . The flight on September 13th and returns on the 21st . The price for the business class package is 3158.28 price for the economy class package is 2439.34 . User : That 's only hotel you 've got in Pittsburgh ? Wizard : Yes . User : Alright it looks good to me ! I 'll take the economy package . Wizard : Great ! will book this for you and will receive a confirmation email soon ! Have a nice day ! User : Great ! Thanks ! User : Good morning ! help me out booking my next ? Wizard : Yes , where would you ? User : Well , I have a few places in mind , would you mind checking them for one by one Wizard : . Before I do I will need a little bit more information . Where are you leaving from ? User : I 'm based in Valencia . Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : Nothing set in mind yet . Can you provide a few options in different ranges if possible I can try to make up my mind ? Wizard : Sure . Are you with anyone else ? User : Not on it . Wizard : When you like to leave ? User : Oh , this is quite important . I got Tuesday , August 30 , 2016 to Saturday , 10 , 2016 approved by my boss , so the date is definitely not flexible . Wizard : We have a nice package Athens a 3 star hotel , a mall , guest rating , free parking wifi , from August 30th to September 10th . Economy package 2528.73 , business package is 3372.76 . User : I 've been having Mannheim on my . Can you check that for ? Wizard : Fabulous ! We have a 5 star hotel near a park , 8.98/10 rating , spa , free wifi , economy package is , business package 1311.50 , departing 30th and returning September 3rd User : Do you have packages at this hotel ? Wizard : Unfortunately we do not , this is our only package to Mannheim . User : Okay that 's fair . Lastly , can you check Fortaleza for me ? Wizard : We have a 3 star hotel by a mall , guest rating , free parking , breakfast , wifi , economy package , the business costs 3167.70 , and the trip is September 2nd to 6th . User you know what ... my favorite is the business package to Mannheim . we go to that ? Wizard : Sure . Would like to ? User : Yes that 'd awesome if you can book for me ! Wizard : There ! It is booked ! You will get confirmation email within the next 20 minutes . Have a nice day and safe travels ! User : Super ! User : you do flights from North Vancouver to Washington ? Wizard : Will you be travelling as one ? User : I will indeed . Wizard : What date would you like arrive in Washington ? User : I ’ d want to get there on August 29 or right after Wizard : Regretfully , we do not have any flights from North Vancouver to Washington . Can I help you destinations ? User : i have a modest and polite you to send me from sapporo to punta cana Wizard Sorry , where will you be departing ? User I would like to depart from Sapporo and arrive at Punta Cana . Between August 29 and Sept 1 is a short for 13 Wizard : Great ! Just one adult traveller User : And we have 3200 to spare between us Wizard : Oh ! ok , sorry . I ll get on that . Are your dates flexible at all ? User I am unfortunately not . Wizard : And you would like to pay 3200 dollars for all 13 adults ? User : Did I stutter ? ? ? Wizard I ’ m , I can not offer you any packages within these parameters . User : What if I upped it to instead ? Wizard : Still nothing , I am sorry . User : Hey there , I ’ m a student looking to stretch 2700 to get myself a trip an internship , hoping can help out here I would be departing from Alexandria Can you see if I can get Manas between 30 and Sept 15 on this budget ? Wizard Form Alexandria to Manas I show nothing available User : No ! ! ! How about Alexandria to ? Wizard : From Alexandria to Athens , neither User : Say it ain ’ t so ! How about Alexandria to Mannheim ? Wizard : I have one 12 package in Mannheim , at the top The Regal Resort , a 5 hotel which includes wifi and also has a spa . This is available from Sept 4th to Sept 14th . User : Well I ’ ll be damned , that ’ s a deal and a half Can I get there on 2700 Wizard : You are in luck today , that package is presently available for 2366.49USD for a 12 day stay . User : Great , I ’ ll take it Wizard : Please forward all your information including name , address and passport information and will take care of the booking . Thank you and have a pleasant day . User Will do . Thanks User : Well you start by booking me Belem . My dates are flexible . Wizard : Great ! And will you be travelling alone User : , if you do n't my legions of groupies and stalkers . Wizard : I have available ranging September 2nd until the Do you have a preference length of stay ? User : I only prefer that you put me in the hotel in town . Wizard : have several 4.0 star hotel options for you . Would you like narrow them down for you by amenities , location , or user review perhaps ? User : star ? you 're doing me dirty here , but sure , fine . one is best rated by its ? Wizard : The Double Pastures has been rated at 8.98/10 stars by previous guests . User : But what Wizard : Free breakfast and free wifi . User : No spa ? Wizard : No spa : disappointed : User : Alright whatever I guess . Short on time here : I 'll take it Wizard : Would you like to book economy User : Is some kind of sick ? NO , of course not ! First if you have it , if not business Wizard : I have business class flights available For 3610.79USD User : What dates would this be for ? Wizard : September 6th to 11th User : That will do Book it already ! ! ! Wizard : Done : slightly_smiling_face : Thank you for using our . User : Hi , I use help planning a honeymoon . Wizard : Ok , where you like to go ? User : Ideally Calgary . We can leave from Petersburg after Tuesday Aug 30 Wizard : is your budget ? User : 1200 max Wizard : 2 adults ? User : Exactly ! : We have a 4 star hotel near a university , free wifi , leaving September 7th and returning the 19th , package costing 475.43 and package costing . User : Wow that 's a good deal Do you have anything earlier though ? Wizard : We have a package at the same leaving 2nd returning the 8th . User : That 's better ! How much is that one ? Wizard : User : that the package ? : This is the business package . User : This one is perfect ! Wizard : Would you like to book it ? User : Yes please Wizard Great ! will receive confirmation shortly . Have a nice day and enjoy the honeymoon ! User : Nice , thanks ! User : hi Wizard : Hi there ! User : i ’ m feeling under the weather lately , really struggling actually got time off between now and 19 so that i can regroup thinking i might do a little trip to clear my mind , asia sounds nice about now . do you do flights from alexandria to fukuoka ? Wizard Is there a certain would like to spend on your package ? User : All I have left in this life my burgeoning bank account : disappointed : So no budget , just get me something ’ ll like Wizard : can send you to Fukuoka on various packages . Would you like the longest possible ? User : the longest possible Wizard : longest package in Fukuoka is a 10 day package at the Mansion Hotel , a 3.5 star rated with a free breakfast included . Unlimited free wifi is also part of the package . Flights this package depart on the and return on the 18th User : Ok keep that on hold can you also check Busan : Alexandria to Busan ? Correct . Wizard : The longest to Busan is a 6 day package at the Lethargy , a star rated hotel which includes your breakfast , wifi and parking and has departures on the 1st and on the 14th . : ok no lets book for Fukuoka then , want the longest possible trip under my : I am your booking one adult to Historic Mansion , a 3.5 star rated hotel with a free breakfast and wifi included on the 10th of September at a price of 4076.95USD , economy class seats . Thank you and please contact us you have any questions departure . User : Great , was a blast booking with you . User : back for crazy trip here Wizard : Where would you like to go ? User : Get from Denver to Maceio Wizard : I ’ m sorry but I have flights from Denver Maceio : valencia to munich . sept 8 to 26 Wizard : Have you got a budget ? User : budget i 'm gon na hard : Ok , how many travellers ? just me Wizard : I have two five star options : Regal Bluff and Jade Harbor . User : ooh can you tell me more about ? Wizard Absolutely ! Regal Bluff is near a university , has free wifi , and is unrated by . The Jade Harbor also have no user reviews , free wifi , but also have on-site services . User : im a little sketched out by the unrated factor.can you take a look milan for me ? Wizard : ! I have many options in Milan . How long would you like to stay ? User : as long ! Wizard : have ten days at The Double , a 4.0 star hotel free breakfast and wifi near a cathedral for 907.3USD . User : Could you get a trip at one of the 5 star Munich hotels ? Wizard : I m sorry but I have only 8 or 6 day stays at the Munich within your range . User : fair enough . what guest does that Roman hotel have ? Wizard : 8.98/10 : ok im convinced , but what are the ? Wizard : Sept 11-20 User : sounds good to me Wizard : Ok ! will book it User : please do Wizard : Done : slightly_smiling_face : User : thanks ! User : Hi , I need to get to Sendai for a business meeting . Wizard : Where from ? User : I can SL . Wizard : Do you a budget : 'm hoping that 1700 do . Wizard How many people be travelling ? User : I 'll be alone . Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : Anytime ! : There are no trips within your budget ? User : if I go to ? Wizard : 's a 4 star hotel near a park , 8.49/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast , and wifi , from 30th to September , business package is 1511.47 , package is 1236.90 . User : 's bad ! Is that the only option for Puebla ? Wizard : There one more for a 3 star hotel , 8.8/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast , and wifi , from September 1st to 10th , business package is 1531.20 , package is 1255.81 . User : I see .. I think I still prefer the first one Puebla . Wizard : Would you like to book it ? : That 'd be . Wizard : Great , your package is booked , have a great day ! : Thanks ! User : you do flights from north vancouver to c-bus ? Wizard : Would c-bus stand Columbus ? User : it , yes Wizard : Columbus it is . Dates and number of people travelling please User : sept 16 to 20 . 1 person but needs to be under 3300 Wizard : In Columbus , we are presently offering a 4 night stay at the 2.5 star Jungle Inn located on the beach and close to the palace . Does this interest you ? User : If thats my best option , sure Wizard : It suits dates with a departure on the 16th a return date on . Total is 959.36USD on economy class . User : I ’ m ok with that Wizard Should I proceed with booking then ? : : +1 : Wizard : Booking confirmed . : +1 : User : Where can I from Fort Lauderdale ... for free ? Wizard : I ’ m sorry , nowhere . Yes . I can find a if you have some money though User How about I get $ 400 somehow , what then ? Wizard : For 400 I can send you to either Cana Atlanta . Which would you prefer User : Punta Cana ! ! Would the hotel decent ? Wizard : Ok ! I have an unrated hotel near a palace or a 2.5 star hotel on the beach . User : Get me the unrated Wizard : Great : : From August 30th to Sept 7th , you will spend 9 days at Estrella del Mar for a total of $ 347.36 USD User : , lets it Wizard : Ok ! I will send a confirmation email within the next hour . Enjoy your stay User : Thanks ! User : Hello I 'm booking for a honeymoon right after our wedding Monterrey . We can leave any after September 6 . Wizard : Where do you want to go ? : Ideally Ulsan for 5 days . Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : 4400 tops spent too the wedding already : disappointed : Wizard : is nothing within your budget User : Nothing ? ? That 's I guess we can also settle for Rome . Wizard : There is still nothing available . User : Oh man .. that really sucks . Wizard : Okay . Have a nice day ! User : Do do any flights out of Kabul ? I work for an startup based there ... Wizard : Kabul to where ? User : to Wizard : will that be for yourself only ? User : No would be for 11 adults Wizard : Not a thing . Others I check ? User : Kabul to…Cleveland ? ? Wizard : No . Nothing from Kabul to Cleveland for 11 people . User : Kabul to…anywhere ? ? ? ? : It does not seem that we have any flights out of Kabul at all . User : Toronto to got it ? Wizard : : slightly_smiling_face : Dates ? Budget ? How in your party ? : 3300 , 1 , ASAP ! Wizard : Ok ! When you like to leave User : as soon as humanly : I have a trip leaving on Sept 6th until the 12th ? User : How much would it cost ? Wizard : $ 629 : Wow could n't I spend a little more ? Not to flaunt my wealth or anything but I 'd like to stay at nice hotel if can ... Wizard The package quoted above is a star hotel with a 8.69 rating ! User : A thing like that ! Just in the interest being thorough , can you also up Toronto to Puebla ? Wizard ! I could get you to Puebla Sept first for at a 3 star hotel with a 8.8/10 guest rating User : Ok lets keep it in then Wizard : Alright , you got it : slightly_smiling_face : User Thanks ! : , I need some help comparing a few different trips Can you help me with that ? Wizard : Sure ! Where you leaving from ? User : I 'm based in Calgary . I will also traveling with my assistant . Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : have a strict budget of 2400 . Could you help me find some within my budget for Punta Cana ? Wizard : There no results within your budget . User : Alright fine . How about Rosario ? Wizard : Still nothing within your budget . : Wow that sucks ! Okay ... Frankfurt is last then Wizard : There are no availabilities for 2 people . User : Just remembered .. we could also leave Toronto if that helps . Wizard : There is nothing . User : Okay .. I do n't have any more options ... I 'll have rethink my travel plans . Wizard : Okay , thanks for using our , sorry I could n't been more help to you . Have a nice day ! User : Kabul ! ! ! ! Wizard : do not fly out of Kabul User : Can you get me from Indianapolis to St. Louis ? I need to leave as as possible , something horrible has happened back : ( : ( ( Wizard : am sorry to hear that . Regretfully there are no flights presently available from Indianapolis to St. Louis . User : How about Boston to SL ? : Neither available User : to ? ? Wizard : I have a flight departing Boston to Chicago tomorrow , August . That is the soonest available flight . It 's attached to an 11 day package in Chicago at the low price of 959.36USD including your flights stay User : That sounds decent . How is hotel ? Wizard : The Sierra Inn & Suites is located near the airport and has a star rating . It includes parking , wifi use in the hotel and a complimentary . User : I don ’ t I have any options here , I ’ m short on time…please book it ! Wizard : I will look after that right away and get the flight details over to you away for your departure tomorrow . User : Thanks ! : Wizard : Can I help you with slightly_smiling_face : User : i want to take my grandchildren . On Friday Wizard : ! How many of you ? : I live in Atlanta . There are six us with myself Wizard : Ok ! you the adult ? User : I am ! Wizard : Splendid ! have 13 day or packages for you . The 17 day stay would be at a star near with free parking , breakfast , and wifi The 13 day hotel would be a 2.5 star hotel a park with free parking , wifi , and breakfast as well ! User : That is marvellous news ! I have 3800 saved up , will that last us the entire trip Wizard : Well , the cheapest option I have available for is a bit beyond budget $ 4198.89 User Oh dear What if I wanted to take the young'uns to Denver instead ? Wizard : I ’ m sorry , but the only hotel I have available in Denver for your party costs more than the cheapest Tijuana package . User Rats I could take the kids to Los Angeles Wizard : You ’ in luck ! I have available for your price point . The hotel is 3.0 , near the airport and a mall has a guest rating of 8.86/10 , has free breakfast , free wifi , and free parking ! User : Oh thank goodness ! I had so very worried . you please book this for us ? Thank you Wizard : Absolutely : slightly_smiling_face : I will send confirmation shortly User : Hey ! So me and girlfriends are in the search for a perfect spring break trip ! Wizard Okay ! How many people altogether ? User : There 'll be the 4 of us ! Wizard : Where are you from ? User : 're all studying in . Wizard : Where would you like to go ? User : Campinas is one of our top choices . It 'll be AWESOME to there ! Wizard : Do you a budget ? User : We 're willing to spend 8300 for our dream spring break : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : When would you to travel ? : spring break is from Aug 30 Sep 14 . Wizard : There are no results within your budget . User : Darn it . I guess we can also go Essen if that works better . : There is a 3 star hotel near a palace , 6.61/10 guest rating , free breakfast and wifi from August 30th to September 5th , business is 2333.61 , economy cost . is also a 2 star hotel 4.93/10 guest rating , free parking and wifi , from August 31st to September business is 1260.72 , economy cost is 1108.72 . User : Are those the only two ? Wizard : Yes . User : Okay .. can tell me a little bit more about these two options ? How are their locations ? Wizard I do n't have any more information on these hotels from what I gave . User Alrighty then , the 3 star hotel good to us ! 'll take the business package since it 's within our Can you the booking ? Wizard : Great ! This is booked for your spring break getaway Have great day ! User : Yay ! User : I ’ m finally taking a break this year and I ’ d like to go to Punta Cana ! Wizard : Where would you like your departure to be ? User : would be out from Curitiba Wizard : Any dates in particular ? User September 6 and 9 please : One adult ? User : yes 1 : I have perfect 4 day packages for exactly your dates . All the hotels are 2.5 stars or 3 stars . Anything in particular you would like me to look for in hotel Do you a limited budget ? User My budget is 2300 would that be enough ? Wizard Yes all these packages are under $ 2300 . The 3 star Plaza Serene suites has the highest rating at 8.49 / 10 and costs 1627.8USD . That provides you with free wifi , parking and a breakfast . : , book it Wizard : Your trip has been booked . travels . User : thanks ! User : I 'm planning a 5 day vacation , but I have n't given too much to it . Can you give some suggestions fit for my budget ? I hope to 4600 max . Wizard Where are you leaving from ? User : I live in . Wizard : Are you travelling alone ? User : Yes . Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : My dates are quite flexible . Wizard : Do you know where you might want to go ? User : I have n't done much thinking into it you present a few options and maybe I can choose one ? Wizard : Sure ! We have packages to Santos , , and San . User : ! Are the 5 day packages all within my budget ? Wizard : Indeed they are ! User : Fantastic . Can you tell me a bit more about the options in each city ? Wizard : Santos has two hotels , one is a 4 star , the other is 3 star . Madrid has a 5 star hotel , and San has a 4 star hotel . User Okay we can the 3 star in Santos off the list . you tell me a bit more about the 3 hotels that are left ? Wizard : The 4 star in Santos has a guest rating , offers free breakfast and wifi , and is near shopping stores . The 5 star in Madrid has a rating , offers free and wifi , and is near a museum , cathedral and palace . The 4 star in San Jose has 8.8/10 guest offers , breakfast and wifi , and is near a museum beach . User : Madrid is definitely the most appealing to me ! Wizard : I thought it would be . Would you like me book it for you ? : That 'd be great ! Wizard : Your package is from September 8th to 12th , you me to you the business class flights or the economy flights ? User : Cool ... If business flights are within my budget , then why not : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : Great ! Your package is booked and the cost is . : That 's awesome , thanks ! User : get to puebla Wizard : Hello User : from st. petersburg Wizard : Ok ! Budget ? User I 've got 1900. but traveling by myself Wizard : When would you like to travel ? User Flexible on dates ! Wizard : Ok ! I have a 17 day at Grand Brewery Mexico for 1377 USD . It ’ s hotel with free parking , breakfast , and wifi a 8.8/10 guest rating . User : Interesting . I 'm having a hard deciding between that Kyoto But you even get me to Kyoto ? Wizard : Not for 1900 dollars unfortunately . User : What if I left from san instead ? : In that case I have 7 or 9 day packages for you at the Glorious Bazaar hotel plus in Kyoto ! A 3 star hotel near a museum with a guest rating of 8.22/10 . Also included in this package are free breakfast and free wifi . User : Wow ok ! How much would cost ? : From Sept 7-14 it would be 1213.16USD with economy class flights . From Sept 2-7 it would cost , also in class . User Ok book me for 7-14 please Wizard : You ’ ve got : slightly_smiling_face : Would you like to upgrade to Business class for an extra $ 329 ? User : I fit that under ? Wizard : Yes ! User : I 'll play it safe do , but for the offer ! Wizard : Absolutely : slightly_smiling_face : I will ahead and book the economy ticket User : perfect , thanks ! User : hiya Wizard : Hello How can I be of service ? User : my and i have wanted to take our boy somewhere new for a long now Wizard : Ok ! Where were you thinking User : we 've saved up 3700 and a break between sept 8 to 22. thinking of going kochi , from sao paulo Wizard : I ’ m sad say that we don ’ t offer direct from Sao Paulo to Kochi Could I try another location for you ? : Sao Paulo to ... Frankfurt ? Wizard : I ’ m sorry but there is nothing within your budget . User : What if I the budget by 1000 ? Wizard : The cheapest price I is 5646.94USD : That is rough . about ... Sao Paulo to Athens ? Wizard : I am sorry .. 5555.10USD is my best price User : This devastating news . Ok just for the sake information Can you tell a more about that trip ? Wizard : Sure ! The Athens hotel be near a mall a 3 star rating . has free parking and free wifi and trip extends from September 8th until 15th User : Whats name of this hotel ? Wizard : The hotel called Lunar Jewel Lodge . User : Ok cool : Sure : slightly_smiling_face : User : Mexico to Ulsan , pronto : I will take pronto to mean as soon as possible . For how many globetrotters will that be ? User : There will be one Wizard : and during what travel period may that ? User : Aug 31 to Sept 17 Wizard : I am afraid I can not your request since there is nothing available at that . Any other destinations I can for you ? User : Nothing ? Ok what about Puebla to Punta Cana Wizard : I can not oblige that request either . User : Mexico City ? Wizard : No packages available there either User : One last try…Puebla to Kingston Wizard : It appears we do not have many flights out of Puebla . User : Hey , I can use your help researching for a short vacation . Wizard : Okay ! Where would you like to go User : No idea ! I 've only got 4 days got ta make the most out of ! Was hoping that you can help me out with choosing a place to go . Wizard Sure Where are you leaving User : Santo Do you have a budget ? User : No budget in mind yet . Wizard : When would you to leave ? User : I can leave on or after September Wizard : We packages to Rosario , Maceio , and New York . User : Cool , these sound interesting ! Could you provide more information on these 3 ? Wizard : There are hotels in Rosario , is 2 stars , the other is 4 stars . We have two , 3.5 star hotels in Maceio . Lastly we have a 2.5 star hotel in New York . User : How are the guest ratings and amenities of these hotels Wizard : The 2 star hotel in Rosario has a 0/10 guest rating and breakfast wifi , the 4 star has 8.86/10 guest rating and free breakfast and wifi . The first hotel in Maceio has a guest rating and free breakfast wifi , the other has 8.8/10 guest rating and free breakfast and wifi . The hotel in York has a 7.15/10 guest rating and free parking , breakfast , and wifi . User : Okay I 'm interested in knowing more about higher rated hotels in Rosario Maceio . Can you tell me more the activities around two options ? Wizard The hotel in Rosario has shopping , and the hotel Maceio has a , market , theatre . User : Alright Maceio is the winner here ! Wizard : Would you the business class package or economy ? User : What would be the price ? Wizard : The economy package is 2146.39 and the business package is 2718.62 . User : I would paying a bit more for business . Wizard : Alright ! I will this for you ! The departing flight is on September and the returning flight is the 20th . User Thank you ! User : Please a flight from Beijing to Kochi for me . Sept 16 to 20 Wizard : Beijing to Kochi in not on list of . May I you try a different destination ? : Do do New York to Jerusalem ? Wizard : I ’ m sorry , we ’ t packages between these locations . User : so , hello there .. Wizard : Hello to you also User : I need a getaway to do some writing looking to seattle what can you me in burlington for 2 and one kid Wizard of departure ? User : doesn ’ t matter , looking to spend around 9 days Wizard : We a few options for you . Do you have a certain amount of money to allocate to this trip User : that ’ s the thing… I only made 1200 on my last book : $ 1200 will not cover any our 9 day packages in , perhaps lower the amount of days ? : ah yeah sure .. first can you see if it would 9 days ? Wizard : No there is nothing available in Phoenix that rate at all . User : oh dear .. ok well just see if there ’ s anything in Burlington for a lower date range Wizard : The lowest have in Burlington 2056.86USD , on day package . Are you able to raise your budget a bit ? User : you know what , frig it .. yeah lets do it Wizard : would you like some more details before we proceed with the booking ? User : well is this the only package within this price range Wizard : yes User : in that case , just book it , , I ’ just happy to get away and clear head Wizard : I will proceed with booking and send you the details . User : great . thank you ! User Hey ! I have to book a for a group of from Beijing . Wizard : How many people ? User : 14 of us Wizard : All adults User : Right Wizard Do you have a budget ? User : I was hoping to spend 2700 . Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : We can go any between Aug 29 and Sep 1 Wizard : There are no results your budget or for these dates . User If I increase my budget by , would that anything ? : No sorry . User : What if I my dates completely flexible ? Wizard : Still nothing . User : I do think trip is going to work then .. User : Hey hey : : Wizard : How many in your group ? User : So , me and the 5 little ones na go to see their mother who works in Washington Wizard : From where ? User : Wizard : specific dates ? User : nope - we can go ! Wizard : We have no flights Kingston to Washington . Can else ? User : go to Phoenix and my sister ’ s van - we ll make little road trip out of ! Wizard : would you prefer to stay in 6 7 or 9 days ? User : 9 would be better to give us extra driving time Wizard : For 9 days I have the The Prism 2.5 star hotel at The Prism . How does that sound ? : What is the guest rating ? Wizard : 7.06/10 User : not bad . amenities ? Wizard : free parking , breakfast , free wifi User : alright , Let s it ! User : Hi ! I want to go to Sendai ! Can you help me get ? Wizard : Where are you leaving from ? User I leave Queenstown . Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : If can find something under 4100 , that 'll be awesome ! : Are you travelling by yourself ? User : You ! When would you like leave ? User : My are Wizard : have two 4 hotels , one with 8.8/10 guest and the other with 8.49/10 guest rating . Cool ! I hard time choosing between the two you tell me a bit more about them ? Wizard 8.8 guest rated hotel is near a and museum and the 8.49 guest rated hotel is close to shopping and a . Both offer free wifi . User : Okay I see ... I was also thinking about Ciudad Juarez . Wizard : We have 3.5 and hotels . User : Can tell me a bit about the Ciudad Juarez options ? : One has a 8.8/10 guest rating and offers free parking , breakfast and wifi and is near a palace . The other one has a 8.86/10 guest rating and offers parking , breakfast and wifi , and is near a market . User : Okay I see , how much is the 8.86/10 one ? Wizard : There is a business package September 14th to that is and the economy package for this is 2537.44 . There is another package from September 8th to 13th , the business package is 4039.10 and the economy package is 3123.74 . : And can you also check for me how is the 8.8/10 Sendai hotel : is one package for economy which is and business for for September 7th to 22nd . The other package from September 2nd to 15th , economy is 2985.19 and cost is 3843.61 . User : Any shorter packages or these the two ? Wizard : These are the only two . : Okay then , all options favorite would me the Sep trip to Sendai . What can I do to confirm this trip ? Wizard : I book it for you and will get an email regarding confirmation of this trip . Would you like class or economy ? User : I would n't kind flying for this trip ! Wizard : Great ! Your package is 2783.62 ! You confirmation email soon . Have a great day ! User : Cool beans ! User : Yo ! I 've rounded the up and we want to do something huge Wizard : OK : slightly_smiling_face : How are in your group ? User : 7 adults . from Phoenix We all got September 6 26 blocked off Wizard : Any destination in User What would a trip to Kingston look like ? Wizard : ’ ve got a options in Kingston for . To me narrow them down , could you provide me with a budget ? Or perhaps a desired length of ? User : have 27100 between the of us . Whats the trip you find ? Wizard : The longest trip be 9 . You would be at the Cosmos Inn , a 2.5. star hotel with a 6.37 guest rating ; it near a park in the heart of the city . User : I 'm sure we can do better ! Can we go to Hamburg ? Wizard : Would you like a higher hotel rating ? User : Sure , that Wizard : In Hamburg I can offer you 10 days at either a 3 or 4 star hotel in the heart of Hamburg User : tell us more about 4 star Wizard The Traveller Inn has free breakfast and free wifi . It has been well received by guests with its 8.69 user review rating User : Thats not bad . Wait could you a better hotel in Kingston tho ? Wizard I can offer a 3.5 star hotel near museum for 8 days in Kingston ? User : Would that cost more or less than 10 days at the Traveller ? Wizard : That would cost 10269.29USD , while Hamburg package would 20741.24USD . User : lets go with that , the difference in pricing is astronomical Wizard : ! I will book the Kingston package for you all . User : Hello Wizard : hello User : Could you book me a flight from Belem to Punta Cana ? Wizard : One adult User : 2 : Do you have a set date of departure ? User : No date of departure for this trip , but I would if possible Wizard : The earliest I have is Sept 2nd , how does that ? That package would put you in Punta Cana for 16 days . you have a cap how much you to ? User : That should work . I actually don ’ t this trip . But can you keep it something reasonable , like under 6100 ? Wizard : This particular package on economy class flights is 4289.9USD . Do want more details on the hotel ? User : is it the ? Wizard : is near cathedral and the . In Punta , I nothing near the airport available . User : Thats fine , lets just go with that : Okay your stay will be at the Sunrise Elephant Hotel you will Sept 2 and on Sept 17 . We appreciate your booking User : Thanks User : Can you get me to Philadelphia please . from Goiania Wizard : I will be happy to try to get to you to Philadelphia from Goiania . Any specific dates you would like to fly ? User It doesn ’ t matter when I leave , that I return September 15 . do into the nicest hotels please , no over here Wizard : I have nothing from Goiania to Philadelphia . I can check other destinations for you . Can you confirm whether you are travelling alone or accompanied ? User : I ’ m traveling with a friend . Santos then Wizard : highest rated hotel is a 4 star hotel with a 8.49/10 user rating . Would you like more details ? User : Could you get us to if we left from Mannheim ? Wizard : can but my highest rated hotel in Philadelphia is a 2 star User forget it . what the dates you get us for Santos ? Wizard : For the 4 star hotel you can depart either on the 1st or the User : And would we return ? Wizard : Sept 1st departure returns the 4th and Sept departure returns on the 15th User : lets take the latter Wizard : The price on this bundle is $ 1504.38USD via business class and the where you will stay at is the Elite Estate Hotel . Should I get this all booked up for you ? : This two , corrrect ? Wizard : That is , 2 adults . User : ya Wizard : All taken of : blush : User : tyty User I need you to book me a trip to Antonio please Wizard : Sure , where would you like to leave from ? User : I actually on departure city , so tell me whatever is cheapest . , I do to stay least 4 days . My budget is 2700 by the way Wizard : I can offer you a 13 package from Washington for only $ 493 . User : Oh I forgot . What I do is difficult , , and requires me to be near park . Wizard : The Winter Hill Inn is near a park , , and theatre ! User : Then I will take it ! Wizard Alright , 're booked User : I should hope so . Vancouver to Berlin 5 star hotel , business , the works Wizard : How many are travelling ? User : AFter 3 Wizard : Could you leave on the third ? User : That would not my preference Wizard : Golden Crown Hotel are both available from September 8th-17th . Both are 5 stars and feature free breakfast and wifi . User : That is impressive . Which one do you is more impressive ? Wizard : Sanctuary holds a 8.8/10 user rating while Golden Crown Hotel 8.49/10 User : Tell more about Sanctuary . What is it near ? Wizard Located near a museum , the package would cost with business flights for day stay . User : amenities ? Wizard : breakfast , as stated . User : and the price is for 6 adults ? Wizard : No , the price is for one adult . User : multiply by 6 and we have a Wizard : Your total will be 17223.19USD . Would you like to confirm booking ? User : please Wizard : Done ! Have a good trip . User : Hey need get from Goiania to Budget is n't an issue , can you just give me the best options : Would you be more interested in hotel ratings , of trip or amenities ? User : I just want the best Wizard : I would our best package , though it is an economy flight , is at a 4.5 star hotel near the airport , a 9.16/10 guest rating , free parking and wifi , September 8th to 12th , and the 2684.24 . User : There 's option for business class flights ? Wizard : Not for this , User : Hmmm . What else ? Wizard : It is a 4 star hotel in the heart of the city , 8.98/10 guest rating , breakfast and wifi , from September 1st 6th , business flights , and the price is 2793.73 . User : can also go to Rio de Janeiro . What are the best packages Wizard : Our best package a 3 star hotel near a park , museum , and university , 8.22/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast , and wifi , September 10th to 19th , business class flights , and the cost is 832.75 . User : Okay , to be honest 'd still the business flight to Hamburg : Okay I 'll ahead and this for , keep an eye confirmation email . Have a great day and safe travels ! User : That was easy ! thanks : I 've got 2000 to get 6 adults and 9 children Portland to Hamburg Wizard : I ’ m sorry , I can not find anything within your budget . User : Preposterous . 3500 then Wizard : I can book you for User : Ok it Wait , no . Wizard : Should I book ? User : That is six times more than we can pay Wizard : is best price can give you for such a large party . User : I run a restaurant , not a ponzi scheme . I can not afford your tickets , good bye : hello . Wizard : : slightly_smiling_face : User : am a humble father of three , and i wish to take my lovely children to see their mother Wizard : Where would you like go ? User : can you get us to porto alegre . from sendai Wizard : ! you have User : i 'll spend whatever is left after alimony . that cruel siren but no i will not a budget for this trip Wizard : What would like to travel ? User : whenever Wizard : I have 3 , 3.5 , and 4 star hotels in Porto . I have trips as long as 18 days . Any preference ? User : 4 stars , i want to rub my newfound wealth in her face . whats the longest i can stay there ? Wizard : Ok ! The longest trip at the 4.0 star hotel is the package from September 6-16 . User : What amenities are there there ? Wizard : Free wifi and free breakfast . The hotel a , , shopping , and a mall . guest rating is 10/10 User : Ok you sold me . Whats the cost Wizard 16602.96USD User : Lets book that Wizard : Ok , sure thing : slightly_smiling_face : They say that I ’ m a dreamer , but i ’ m not only one . and i am dreaming of a trip out can you tell me can get to curitiba i had 2800 to my name ? Wizard : We are here to fulfill your travel dreams . I to places in Curitiba that offer 15 day packages for under $ 2800 . User : kind of hotel is ? Wizard : have a 3 star and a 3.5 star both offering wifi , parking and breakfast at no extra charge User : the 3.5 star hotel near anything cool ? Wizard : It 's on the beach ! User : oh me oh my . what could you me in belem Wizard : Belem , I have a 4.5 hotel also located on the beach ! User : please go on . what amenities could i get on the beach ? : free parking , wifi , and breakfast User : if was a heaven on earth , could be it ! please tell me if you also have punta cana Wizard : I have plenty of choices in Punta Cana . None as highly rated as the one in Belem but longer stays User : thats , which one has the highest guest rating ? Wizard : The 3.5 Sunrise Elephant has a rating 8.69/10 , free parking , free wifi and is located near the Punta Cana cathedral and palace . User I need to be in Cleveland at some point between September 6 to 16 . Burlington being the point of departure Can you do this ? Wizard : I absolutely can I have the Pleasant Court Inn available from 6-13 7-16 . Have you got a preference ? User : , book me for the longer of the please Wizard : Sure ! I can book business class flights for 1285 dollars or economy for 1051 . User : since the are so reasonable , lets get me on the business class Wizard : I will book that for you User : thank you User : Hey , I really need to get Tofino for a while . Any chance to leave Aug 29 ? Wizard : Where would you like to go ? User : Stuttgart would be a cool place to go . Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : only got actually . Wizard : Are travelling by ? User : Right on . Wizard : There no results showing for your request . : Any chance if I from Busan instead ? Wizard : within your budget . User : Uh .. . I guess I can settle for Dallas . Still leaving from Tofino though . : , sorry . User : Alright I 'm na give it a last shot . What about Dallas Busan ? Wizard : No , sorry : looking to go on a jaunt out town the town in question being sacramento let me know my options are if wanted to leave today , and have 4 days free Wizard : Certainly ! can book you 4 days at a 3.5 in Columbus $ 1538 . Interested ? User : Interested . . Do you other destinations ? Wizard : I to Guadalajara as well ! User : whoa thats snazzy . what kind of hotel ? Wizard I have a 2.5 star or different 3.0 star options . User : which is the better rated by guests ? Wizard : The 2.5 star Resort Felicity the highest rating with 8.49/10 User : interesting . do have any other options out sacramento ? Wizard : Those two destinations are the only ones showing up given your broad parameters . If you wanted to narrow down your specifications may be able to find something else . User : I 'm not , how bout look for something that costs more than $ 2000 Wizard : With a 4 day maximum , the only place I can is the Crown Jungle Inn in Columbus . It is , near a palace , with a 8.49/10 rating User : is that a better rating than the hotel you found in c-bus ? Wizard : Sorry - that is the guest rating . This is a better rating than the last hotel in Columbus . User : What are the dates and price ? Wizard : September 16-19 , business flights would be 2181.49 USD User : what are the amenities at the crown jungle inn ? Wizard : Free parking wifi . : ok cool Wizard : Booking : slightly_smiling_face : User thanks ! Wizard : pleasure User Hi there , I 'm on a tight budget to go . Can you me find something works ? Wizard : Sure . What is your budget ? User : I only have 2000 bucks to . Wizard : are you leaving from ? User : I 'm based on Sydney . Wizard : Where would you like to go ? User : Could you check Puebla first ? I can be there any between Aug 31 and Sep 14 . Wizard : ? User : Yeah Wizard : are no . User : My second option is Mexico City . : We have a 3.5 star hotel near the beach , shopping , and mall , 8.37/10 guest rating , free parking and wifi , September 2nd to 13th . Business package costs 1987.67 and economy package costs 1586.51 . User : Cool ! Any other hotels in Mexico City you can offer me ? : There a 3.5 star hotel the beach , museum , shopping , and mall , 6.37/10 guest rating , economy class from September 8th to 13th , and the price is 1349.51 and 1707.17 for business class . : Okay , actually have third option . Can you check that for me ? My third and last option is . Wizard : There is a 2 star hotel near a park , museum , and university 6.51/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast and wifi , September 1st to 9th , business 1598.41 , economy is 1278.84 . User : Any ? Wizard : No . User : Then let 's go back tho the first one you gave me . Can I book that one ? Wizard : Sure ! You will receive an email soon to confirm your trip . Have a great day and thank you User : Great . Thanks a million ! User : Hi there I ’ d like to a trip 10 adults from August 29 to Sept 1 , from Tofino to Vancouver Wizard : I am I can not offer you from Tofino to Vancouver within those dates . Are your dates ? May I other destinations for ? User : Dates are not flexible , but check for flights to Nagoya Wizard : flights from Tofino to Nagoya either : do you have from tofino to anywhere ? : Seems Tofino is not serviced by any User : punta cana to mexico city Wizard will that be 1 or travelers ? User 2 Wizard : Hello Punta Cana to City User : did you process my requests . would also like to book between sept 9 26 Wizard : There are no flights from punta cana to mexico city User : How about Cairo to Mexico City ? : I I could help you but we do not have flights from Cairo to Mexico . User : Punta Cana to Porto Alegre ? Wizard : Neither from Punta Cana to Porto Alegre User I am giving you one last time to you your job . you better tread carefully here , my friend , Cairo to Porto Alegre I will raise hell : I regret that is also not one we offer : London Burlington . Sept 12 to 25 For one Got anything Wizard : Budget ? User : do n't have one ! ! Wizard : I have two hotels - Celestial Inn & Suites ( 3 stars/8.69 guest rating ) or Motel ( 2.5 stars/6.77 guest review ) User : What are the dates for the Celestial ? Wizard September 12-17 User : you able to get me a longer stay at the other hotel ? Wizard : Sorry , the other package is also a 6 day trip . User : How much the Celestial cost then Wizard 793.3USD User : book it ! Wizard : Sure thing : slightly_smiling_face : User : Hi there ! : Yes . Where are you looking at going ? User : Recife would be nice . Wizard : Where from ? User : Sorry , we 'll actually be leaving from Recife . Going to Hamburg if possible . Wizard : Do you have a User : Not specifically . Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : Between 8/31 and 9/15 Wizard : Traveling alone ? User : 'm actually booking for two my colleagues . Wizard : So just 2 adults ? User Correct ! Wizard : We have a 4 star hotel and a hotel . 4 star hotel is in the heart of the city , has 8.98/10 guest rating , free breakfast and wifi , 1st to 12th , is 8044.94 , economy is 6249.91 . User : Cool , we could be interested in the 4 star hotel . What is it close to Wizard : Everything . It in the heart of the city . User : That sounds pretty Before decide on anything can you Naples for me too ? Wizard : There is a star hotel , 8.86/10 rating , free breakfast and wifi , August 31st to September 7th business is 4608.28 , economy is 3580.28 User : Is this one also in the heart of the city ? Wizard : My does not say . : I think it 's safer to go with Hamburg ! Wizard : Okay ! I will this for you ! Have a great day ! User : So I need to far far from my home of Paris Can you see about flights Phoenix ? : I have 3 hotels . How long would you like to go ? User Sometime between aug 30 and sep 12 Wizard : Within those dates have The Prism for 10 days , a 2.5 star hotel near the airport and a museum with a 7.06 user rating . User : Thats fine all but I that instagram posts from a 2.5 star hotel won t impress anyone . What can you get me in Kobe ? Wizard : I have the Ivory Legacy Hotel - 4.5 stars with free wifi and 8.69 user rating ! User : That badass . I must ask about new Wizard : Sorry but I have nothing available you within your range . User : Manas ? Wizard : Sorry , nothing . User : how long can you book me at the ivory Wizard : 10 days - 30 - 7th User and cost ? Wizard : Economy class User : what amenities do i get Wizard Free wifi User : thats it ? is hotel at least near anything Wizard : It is Ivory Legacy Hotel . I this package for you User : only if you tell me its near any attractions Wizard : I do have any attractions on file . User : ok. book anyway Wizard : Booking it User : hi . I 'm looking to go to St. Petersburg from leon can you do this for 3100 ? Wizard : We can get you there ! Tell me more about the experience you are looking for i.e # of stars , amenities , your length of stay etc . User : Whats the best hotel you got ? I flexible aside from the budget : It just so happens that all our in Leon at the moment are 5 hotels I have 8 , 10 and 12 day stays User : incredible how much 12 cost Wizard : Do rather be market or on the beach ? User : beach Wizard : The Resort is located on the and is available for a 12 day stay from Sept 6th to Sept 17th . This 5 star resort in not only located on the beach but also close the palace and offers free wifi throughout your 12 day stay . The total value of your complete package is User : thats all i needed to know Wizard : Could I ahead and book that for User : yes Wizard : I will look after that immediately and forward confirmation . Thank you and enjoy your holiday ! User : thank youQ : sept 12 to 22. toluca to naples Wizard Size your party please User : i 'll be alone Wizard : Are your dates flexible ? User : slightly . but there nothing for dates gave ? Wizard : no there is User : then try sep 8 to 23 Wizard : I can not accommodate those dates . It is most liekly do fly from Toluca to Naples , can we User : Hello Wizard : Ok ! I can try to help Where are located ? : I live in Lima . where i go for 2600 Wizard : How about 19 days in Puebla ? User : oh i only have 6 Wizard : Well , how about days in Minneapolis ? User : tell me more ! where would i be Wizard : Antique Mantle is near a university , has a 2.5 star rating with 7.15/10 user review . This facility has free parking , free breaking , and free wifi . User : okay , I feel like I can do . have other ? Wizard : I have a 3.5 star hotel in Punta Cana . User : I was just going to ask about Punta Cana ! Are there any attractions nearby ? Wizard : Yes ! A cathedral and a palace . : And this a better hotel right ? amenities ? Wizard : Free parking , free wifi and 8.69 guest rating . User : bad . the cost Wizard : 1495.70USD : what dates would i be booked on ? Wizard : Septembre 2-7 User : it Wizard : Ok . I will this package for you . User : Ok Wizard : Enjoy ! User : Hi there , can help me out with a trip ? I need to get to Kingston . Wizard : From ? : I can only leave from Long Beach Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : Can you stay under 2100 if possible ? Wizard : Are you travelling alone ? User : Yes Wizard : When would you like to go ? User : long as it 's between September 6 and 11 Wizard : There are two options . 1 : a 3.5 star hotel , 8.69/10 guest rating , free breakfast , wifi price is 1822.69 . Option 2 : a 3 star hotel 8.49/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast , and wifi , price is 1811.86 . Both hotels are near a museum and both packages are from September 6th to 11th . User : Are those prices for economy flights ? Wizard : Yes both are also economy flights . There are no business options . User : I 'll go with the 3.5 star hotel Will you able to book it for me Wizard Of course ! I will send you a confirmation email now . Have a great trip User : That 's . User : Hi there . I am writing to inquire if you do departures out of Beijing ? Wizard : We not User : Thank you for the information User : I am pondering a trip - not ready to book - just pondering . Tokyo is where live , and I would like see some places outside of Japan Can you tell me what you have to Las Vegas , on hypothetical 4200 budget Wizard : In the city of Las Vegas , I have the Retro Inn with a 2.5 star rating available at the moment . You can stay 9 days even treat yourself to business class for $ 4200 . User : how about trips to munich ? Wizard : In Munich I have Regal Bluff with a 5 star rating available at the moment . A day stay on business class is User : that sounds . amazing . what amenities ? Wizard : Free wifi User : okay please one more place . puebla ? Wizard : I have 16 days at the Grand Brewery Mexico . This hotel has a 3 star rating but with a longer stay This one also includes wifi , parking and a Mexican breakfast . User : is this hotel anything cool ? Wizard I have no details on the location of this hotel . User fine : Glad I be of help User : They say life does not you free lunch , but does life give you free out of Phoenix Wizard : Sorry , I not have free vacations : how about 400 vacations Wizard : Indeed ! How 13 days in Calgary sound ? User : Oh wow ! is the hotel any ? Wizard : is 4 stars User : this has exceeded my expectations Wizard : Great : smile : I book ? User : any other potential destinations ? Wizard : also have a package to Punta Cana User : how much would that ? Wizard : 356.45USD User : And for calgary ? Wizard : 359.22USD User : close , book calgary then Wizard : Great I will book that for you ! User : thanks ! User : Hi , I need some help booking a very important trip . Wizard : Okay ! Where to ? User : We need to get to Indianapolis . Wizard From where ? User : We 're in Santos . Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : I 'm willing to pay up to 32900 . Wizard : How many people will be travelling altogether ? User : 7 adults including myself , and my 5 kids are also coming along Wizard : When you like to leave ? User : We 're flexible : We have a 2.5 star hotel User Is that the only hotel have in Indianapolis ? Wizard : Yes . User : Can you tell me a bit more about it ? Wizard : It 's the beach and shopping , 6.37/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast , wifi . User : Will we still okay budget-wise if we fly business ? Wizard : The cost for the business package is 32198.94 and is from August 31st to September 16th . User : Is that the only package can offer ? Wizard : Yes and the economy package costs 24786.99 . User : I 'll take the business package then . confirm the booking . Wizard : Of course . You will receive a confirmation email shortly . User : Cool , thanks ! User : Please help ! My lovely parents have married fof 20 years and they 've never a trip together I 'm thinking of getting them out town Sept 6 to 9 got anything good for 2 adults leaving sao , for 2400 ? : Leaving Sao Paulo ? It seems like we have no out of Sao Paulo . User : the dreamer is back at it . this time i like to about trips leaving such as mexico city ? Wizard : Denver to Mexico City ... for one ? User : yup Wizard : For as long as possible ? User : for whatever 5400 can buy me Wizard : Does days on a beach the Exalted Willow Resort & sound something you are dreaming of ? User : Its as you can read my mind ! How many they have ? Wizard : It has 3.5 stars and is also close to shopping . User And the amenities ? Wizard : free parking you require a car and free wifi User : . what are options rio de janeiro : My best hotel in Rio de Janeiro is the La Perfección for an 8 day , 3 star , breakfast is included and you a spot and wifi at no charge . User : Could I find anything it in Ulsan ? Wizard : I have 5 hotels in Ulsan , but none of them include all of the . User : Thats Wizard : Then offer you the 5 STAR The Sapphire Time close to the park , market and theatre , this seems to be the most hotel in Ulsan and available for 10 days at 4277.25USD . For this one would have to fly economy though . If you wanted to stay five days only but business , we could do that too just a bit more money . User : there it is . Thats all needed today , thanks Wizard : Come again ! User : Jerusalem to Tel , got flights ? Wizard : I ’ m , I don ’ t have any flights available for you User : What happen if i tried jerusalem to portland instead ? Wizard : I ’ m sorry , I have nothing available out of Jerusalem . User cool , FOR NOTHING ! ! ! User : Hey ! I 'm in the search for a trip for 2 . Wizard : Where will you be from ? User : Santo Domingo : Where do you want go ? User : Punta Cana is one of the option . Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : It 'd be sweet to spend less than 3100 : When would to leave ? User : We can on after Sep 2 Wizard : There a 2.5 star hotel near the beach , the cost is 1661.32 and is September 10th to 19th with business class flights . User : Do you know the guest rating of this ? Wizard : 0/10 User : 's not . Do you have any other options for Punta ? Wizard : This is our very option . User : I see Can you for trips to Phoenix then ? Wizard : We have a 3 star hotel a museum and university , 6.91 guest rating free parking , breakfast , and wifi , from September to 19th business class flights price is 2967.70 . User And that is also the best you have ? Wizard : Yes . User : Okay that 's simple . I book the Phoenix trip ! Wizard : Alright ! Have a great day ! User : Thanks for your assistance ! User : Everyone Europe is raving this artisanal bratwurst they ’ re serving up Hamburg , I must myself other there as soon as I can to blog about it ! Do you offer flights there out of Seattle ? Wizard : I sure ! When you want to travel ? User : , but otherwise dates are flexible 3800 : Great ! I have a package leaving on 31 until September 11 . The cost is 2157 dollars : Oh I ’ m just going to check my other travel options for something such to Hamburg ? Wizard There is nothing cheaper . User I really wanted to pinch pennies I could also travel to Louis instead Wizard : From Santos ? User : From Seattle Wizard : You could go August to September 16th for $ 532 , at a 5 star hotel ! User That cheap ! I could just on my meals instead . What of hotel do you have ? As in , tell me more about the 5 star Wizard : 5 stars , as said . User : ? Wizard Free and free wifi are included . User : Ok lets do that Wizard : Ok ll it for you . User Thanks ! User : Please help I need to get and out of town between Sep 2 and 19 Wizard : Ok ! Where they leave from ? User : MonTErrey Wizard : ! Budget ? User : I 2200 in my piggybank Wizard I can send them to SL for from Sept 4-18 . The cost for this package would be $ 2089 . User : Ok say no more fam . You book it ? Wizard No- you like me to ? User : Hurry up and do it , idiot ! Wizard : Just finished - all booked User : Ok : +1 : User Hey , I 'm looking for a trip to Chicago . Wizard : Where from ? How many people travelling ? What is your budget ? When do you want to leave ? User : I 'm from Belem by . Budget 's set at 3900 . I have to travel 9/1 and 12 . These dates not flexible . Wizard : Our best package is a 2.5 star hotel a park and museum , 8.22/10 guest rating , free parking breakfast , and wifi from September 2nd to 8th , business flight , price is 2856.29 . User : Any other options ? : No User : Alright then . I 'll take it . Wizard Great ! Have a nice day ! User : On late nights at , friday nights melting into Saturday mornings , I ’ d dream the day I can come to with a booking request . have September 8 to 25 off Thinking of going somewhere from Belo Horizonte Do you have a flight to MUnich ? Wizard : Ok ! Would you lke go anywhere in particular User Munich Wizard : ! I have September 10-17 available at 5 star hotel in Munich . The price is $ 2853 for this package . Are you User : That interests me very much . What can me if I opted Leon instead ? Wizard I have a 9 day trip at a 5 star hotel near a market . could travel from September 8-14 or 12-20 stay at the Sunny Aurora Hotel with prices ranging from 1660.82 to 2293.25 USD . : so similar , I ’ m still having trouble deciding ! amenities are to be had in ? Wizard : Sunny Aurora Hotel in Leon has free wifi . User : how about munich ? Wizard : Also free wifi . User : Is the hotel near anything interesting ? Wizard : The Munich hotel is near a university . User : I ’ m going to flip a coin on this one ... Ok Munich Wizard : I will book your stay in Munich : slightly_smiling_face : User : How much would I pay if I wanted go business ? Wizard class flights would bring total to 3804 USD User : please get that for me . Wizard : OK , done ! User : Is it normal that I feel this nervous that I 'm about to get married I never liked the in-laws , and I ca n't wait to get away from them on my Oh right , thats what I need you Can you book me a honeymoon to Ulsan ? 2 adults ( , departing after today , and for 15 days I 'm in Wizard Soonest departure is tomorrow August 31st . We a 5 star hotel available : The Sapphire as well ; as well as a 5 star hotel Escape Cave . departure and return . Can you please give me an indication of how much have to spend ? User : We have 3700 Wizard : Those are way out of your range The best I can do is offer you a 7 day package in Ulsan at the Grandiose Willow Resort for just $ 188 over your budget a total 3888.76USD . This is a star the park and the university offering free parking and free wifi . User : if we toned the ambition and tried Munich instead ? Wizard : Munich a spectacular deal at the 5 STAR Regal Bluff for 10 days at 775.0USD , wifi . User : Nothing for longer Wizard No , 10 days is the longest User : do it then Wizard : I will take care of that for you away . Happy Honeymooning User : Thank you ! User : , was you can help me find a vacation for under 1000 . I live in Mannheim . Wizard : Sure ! would you like to go ? User : I have n't really thought about it . Can you give me some options that are within my budget ? Wizard : When would you like to travel ? User : Hopefully between August 31 and September 5 Wizard : have a 4 star hotel near shopping and a cathedral , 8.8/10 guest rating , free and wifi , from September 2nd , business flights cost 970.76 , economy flights cost . : What city ? Wizard : Rome User : Okay . Is there another city I can travel to with my ? Wizard : No . User : Fair , 'll take the economy package to then ! : Great Have a nice day and ! User : Thank you ! User : 1 ticket from San Francisco to please ! Wizard : Sure ! Do you have dates ? : as soon as you can ! Wizard : Do you have an alternate departure point Sadly we do offer San directly to Vitoria User : I do n't care what 've been programmed to call yourself Just me from London to . Wizard : I will follow directions to tee . Please provide your dates , number of people , and your parameters what you desire in a hotel star , amenities location etc . , whether you would like to fly economy or business and the total length your stay : : User : , by myself , 5 hotel all the above , do n't care , business , whatever . IN THAT ORDER Wizard : I will do my very best to help you your request : grinning : I regret I do not have any flights from to Cairo User : you regret it ? they know how to program regret ? get me to instead Wizard : Nothing to Tokyo either . User : Hi , is there fran Pittsburgh on after September 1 Wizard : Travelling alone ? User : You 're ! Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : I only have 2800 left . Wizard : We have a 3.5 star hotel near a park , 8.86/10 rating , free parking , breakfast , and wifi , from September 2nd to 16th , business price is 1953.80 , economy price is 1583.20 User : Are there any other options ? Wizard : Only 2.5 star hotels . User : I guess the package at the 3.5 hotel will do . Wizard : ! Have a splendid trip ! User : Thanks ! Much appreciated . User : Can anything help resurrect my career this point ? ? ? Is there any sadder rung in society than that of the failed writer Ok what , maybe you can help Get me to Campinas to San Juan please Me , my wife , and my son Wizard : Sorry , Campinas to San ? User : to San Juan Wizard : Sure ! I can offer 13 days for dollars ! User : I almost had panic attack when I saw that price tag . No , I need a trip for or less Wizard : I ’ m sorry I have nothing from Campinas to San Juan for 3 people at that price . User : Wht about to Kobe Wizard : Still nothing User : This is deeply depressing news User : Hello : slightly_smiling_face : Can you believe it ? My psychotic boss gave a few off ! I feel like a pounds have been lifted off my shoulders , and I ca n't wait to book the perfect trip ! I live in San Diego , but thinking of going to Busan Wizard : San Diego to Busan , for how many ? User : my myself and i Wizard : For one On what dates ? User : September 12 to 17 Wizard : We have the Lethargy Hotel from Sept 12 to Sep 17 is a 5 day package with a with an option to upgrade to business class . This 3 star hotel includes free wifi , a parking space and breakfast . User : How do the guests rate this hotel ? Wizard : Guest Rating : 6.77 / User : K Wizard : Should I book for you ? User : I 'll be honest , I 'm not sold . Can you check see if you have for me Kingston Wizard : or 4 star ? User : Only best for this Wizard : The Ebony Manor Inn & Suites is a 4 star property with a 8.22/10 guest rating . This one also includes all amenities that the Hotel . If you want only the best , the price is 1571.49USD via business class tickets . User : Ugh book it then ! Wizard : That I understand . I will proceed with the booking . Thank you and have a nice evening . User : You as well ! : . how much does it cost for 4 people from Kabul go to Tampa ? Wizard : Are all four adults ? User : yup Wizard : Unfortunately there are no results . User : we can also go to Kochi Wizard : There are no results for either . User : You can get myself , my lawyer Bruce , and my girls Tanya and Robin to Rome Wizard : Ok ! So that s 2 adults , 2 children ? User : Rumours abound of a croissant so good , whoever eats it enters into an state of grace . I must find this and sell at my Petersburg bakery . yeah , you know . Wizard : Are you from St. Petersburg ? User : I am Wizard : And are you travelling with a budget ? User : 8800 USD Wizard : And would you prefer to at a 4 hotel or an unrated facility ? User : 4 stars please Wizard : Ok ! I have the Emerald Legacy for days at a price point of $ 7986 User : What are the ? Bruce is baby about these Wizard : Hotel Emerald Legacy free breakfast and free wifi , well as a guest rating of 8.22/10 . User : Ok I will relay this to him . How do I confirm ? : Hi . I need go to Tel Aviv for meeting there any flights from Paris ? Wizard Do you have a budget ? User : Show me you 've got . Wizard : Nothing . User : Monterrey then In this case we 'll be going 7 adults . Wizard : There are no avialabilities . User : Unbelievable ... Tofino is my option : There are no results for this either User : I guess this is going to work User : DO YOU FLY OUT OF KABUL ? Wizard : I ’ m sorry do n't User : I never much good at maths . We way overcalculated what we would be spending my wedding on September 7 , and have 1600 left : disappointed : Wifey is so mad at me But is that enough to get us from Leon to Rome , for lets say 8 days ? : It is ! When would you like to travel ? User : Anytime after our wedding : I can offer 12 days with business flights and a 4 , for 1007 USD User You are a lifesaver . Book it Wizard : Ok ! The hotel features free breakfast , free wifi , and is near a cathedral bask in your holy matrimony . User : You really think of everything , don ’ t you User : Hey ! I 'm in the for a trip to Sapporo . Wizard : Where will you be from ? User : Departing from Wizard : How many people are you ? User : I 'm traveling solo Wizard : When do you leave User : I do n't really care . My budget is 4400 though . Surprise me . Wizard : There are no results , surprise User : Okay maybe I do n't like surprises that much after all ... How about Cairo ? Wizard : There 's a 2.5 star hotel . User : Anything else ? : No . User : me about this 2.5 hotel Wizard : They have 8.22/10 guest rating , park , market , cathedral palace , parking , breakfast and wifi . User : Now that does n't sound so bad after all ! Wizard : Want to book it ? User : Why Wizard : Great ! a nice day ! User Thanks ! User : I need to get to Kabul , can you help out here ? : Yes , indeed I ! Where would you be leaving from ? User : I live in Munich . Wizard : Unfortunately we do not fly directly from Munich to Kabul . Is there an alternate destination that I could arrange for you ? : You 've got nothing else ? Wizard : ’ m sorry - nothing : disappointed : User : My name is Lorraine . I would like to a for myself and my three grandchildren , leaving as soon possible returning before the children start school on September 19 . Wizard : Where would you like to leave from and where you like to go ? User : We would be setting Burlington . We would be to land in Toronto . Burlington to Toronto for and 3 children . I have several options . Would you prefer to stay in Toronto for 8 or 12 days ? User : I prefer a longer trip , ! However , it behooves me to make mention of my 3300 for voyage . Wizard : Most everything I have in Toronto for September is under your $ 3300 dollar budget . For a 12 day stay , the Eric Perrier is priced at $ 2441.0USD has a 4 star rating . It has an excellent guest rating of 8.8 / 10 . User : I would like to know if this hotel offers any amenities ? Wizard : Daily breakfast is part the , as well as wifi . If you wanted to travel by business class with the children , the price would 2863.7USD , still below your budget . User : Can you also be so kind as to check for tickets to Philadelphia ? Wizard : I have one package available in Philadelphia , unlike Toronto , I only have a 5 day package The Mirror is priced at 2498.21USD and has a 2 star . The guest rating on this hotel is : Understood . I would like to submit an application for the Toronto package , for the economy seat option . But before I do , can you remind me of the dates ? Wizard : You would depart Burlington on 8th at 11am and return on September 19 at 3am . User The flight is past the children 's bedtime . Do you have any other selections ? Wizard : That is the only flight available from Burlington to Toronto on that day . User : Very well . Please book this trip for me , you . Wizard : I will go ahead with the booking for you . Safe travels . : Thank you User : Do have hotels in Jerusalem ? Wizard : Sorry , no . User : Hi Wizard : Hey : : Would you like to book a trip User : I need your help to plan the dream vacation me and my grandson ! grandson has always wanted to visit Porto Alegre . Wizard : Ok ! Where would depart from ? User We 're both at Toluca . Wizard : Ok ! am correct in believing there will be one adult and one child in ? User : 're smart ! Wizard Great : slightly_smiling_face : I will get searching for you . Do you have budget in mind for your trip ? User : Let me know 3200 will be enough Wizard : And have you got any time constraints for your vacation ? Is there date you would like to ? A date you need return home by ? User : We can leave any day on or after September 2 . But we have to get back before September 12 Wizard : Sadly I can ’ t find from Toluca to Porto for one man and one child that costs less than dollars… would there be an alternate destination in mind ? Or maybe a higher budget you would be willing to work with ? User : was actually thinking of Toronto ... Wizard : ! You ’ re in luck - I have ONE package to Toronto within your parameters , and I think sounds perfect for you ! You would depart September 2nd , and leave Toronto on the eleventh . You d be staying at the 4 star Eric Perrier , located near a cathedral and just a few short from the airport . You would be treated to free breakfast throughout your stay and have access to free wifi for the duration of your trip The guest rating is an impressive 8.8/10 and the cost of the package is well within your budget at $ 2648.63 . User : And we 'll have economy seats assume ? Wizard : Yes , that ’ s . User : Well , I guess this Toronto package ai n't too bad ... Wizard : : slightly_smiling_face : Would you like me to book it ? User : That 's wonderful , please do ! Wizard : Consider done User : Thank you my dear ! User : Um get me to Kochi Wizard Sure ! From where like to depart ? : Berlin . And get me back by 14 Wizard : Ok ! you travelling alone ? User no im bringing my , so 'll be two of us Wizard : Ok ! Are you travelling with a ? User : no , no budget Wizard : Great : slightly_smiling_face : I have a 10 day trip to Kochi at a 3.5 star hotel for 4050 dollars . How does that sound ? User : get us a better hotel Wizard : I ’ m sorry , but I have nothing higher than 3.5 stars in my search results User : ok fine how about atlanta Wizard : I have a lovely 3.5 star hotel the in free and parking ! : you do flights ? Wizard : Welcome . Yes we do , we specialize in travel packages . User : then get me from columbus to sapporo dates do n't matter but see if you can do it for under 3900 Wizard : I have no travel packages from Columbus Sapporo . May I other destinations ? User : you got any flights to kobe instead ? : I have several packages in Kobe available for under 3900 Would you to remain in Kobe 12 or 15 days ? User : 15 days ? what kind of hotel would that be Wizard : That would be the Royal Island Inn , close to the market and the palace . The accommodations are star and wifi is provided free of charge . User : what do other guests think of this place ? Wizard : The guest rating is 0/10 , but may just that the hotel has been reviewed by yet . User are there any other choices ? Wizard : There are a couple 12 day options , the Resort Ancient Angel , a 3 star rated hotel with guest rating 8.69/10 or 12 days at the White , a 3.5 star rated hotel with a guest rating of 6.91/10 . : the first option have any amenities ? Wizard : The first one provides free wifi whereas second provides wifi breakfast User : is that second one near anything cool ? Wizard : I have no information as to the location of the first hotel but the White Square is located near a park . User : with that then . i need my free breakfast Wizard : Would you prefer to be economy or business class flights ? : what does the business class package cost ? Wizard : It is priced at 3585.81USD . flight departs on September 8th and returns September 18th . User : about economy Wizard : Economy is priced at 2781.12USD with the same departure and return . User : do that then . i need to save up splurge on that good Wizard : You are now on economy class flights from Columbus Kobe . Have a pleasant stay . User : thanks User : Hey , I need to get to Mannheim asap Wizard : Hi there , I can certainly you with that . User : I live in Brasilia so i to fly out from here . I have 2200 Wizard : Unfortunately do not have any availabilities . Would you have an alternative destination or departure city ? User Do you have anything to Sao Paulo ? Wizard : I do have a few options for Sao Paulo ! We 've got one 2 star hotel with a 6.91/10 guest rating . We also have two 3 hotels , with guest ratings of 6.91/10 and 5.14/10 . Is there anything you are looking for specifically your choice of hotels User : hmmm .... i think the 3 star hotel with 6.91/10 guest rating sounds good . What is that hotel close ? Wizard : That is an excellent choice hotel is located at the heart of the city , close to a cathedral and a theater . User : Does the hotel free wifi ? : You bet ! It also offers free breakfast . User : Yum ! This hotel is sounding pretty dope . How much is the package ? Wizard : We have a 4 day economy package for 911.52 leaving September 12 , and a 6 day economy package with a slight increase of price at $ 958.90 leaving September 13 . you are interested we also have a 6 business package with the same dates for $ 1157.39 . User : What are the dates for 6 day business package ? Wizard : It is from 13 to 18 User : sounds great ! I , book me this package please : slightly_smiling_face : Okay , you are all set Hope you have a great time at Sao Paulo slightly_smiling_face : Thank you ! User : Hello , kind stranger . : Would you like to go from Calgary to Vancouver ? User I would like go from Athens to Wizard : Ok ! How many will be travelling User : I , wife and our infant son . Wizard : Let me see what I can find : slightly_smiling_face : Do have a budget ? User : Our budget is 6700 . Not a penny more Wizard : I ’ sorry , it seems I not accommodate a child that budget . I can find you just two adults are travelling ? User : Burlington . Wizard : ’ m , but I can not get you from Athens to Burlington on 6700 dollars . User : Then I will not be making use of your services . Wizard : Sorry : disappointed : User : Wizard : How can i help you today ? User : do offer flights from san jose to buenos aires ? Wizard : I sure do : slightly_smiling_face : For how many people ? User : if a good deal then i ’ d for adults Wizard : When would you like to travel ? User : between 12 and 25 Wizard 6 I can book 15 days from September 12-25 at a star hotel near a park and museum for 27860 . The hotel has a 6.61 guest rating as well as free parking , breakfast , and wifi . User : denver first Wizard : Ok ! Same dates and number of travellers ? : yes yes all the same please Wizard : In Denver I would have four different options for you - Brass Renaissance Resort 10 days ( a three star hotel with 8.86/10 guest rating ) from Sept 13-21 , Solar Inn 10 days ( a three star with 8.69/10 user rating ) from September 15-23 or days from Sept 12-18 , and lastly the 3 star Oriental Resort ( by users ) is available for nine day stay from Sept 13-20 . User : The sounds most appealing . it near any points of ? Wizard : It is near park . User : and the solar inn ? Wizard : No nearby of interest are listed in . User : and can you a sense of the costs associated for brass Wizard : 8938.88USD be the price 6 adults . User : economy ? Wizard : That ’ s correct . User : how for business class Wizard : 11309.90USD User : lets do it Wizard : Indeed ! , great ! I will go ahead and book that User : can you get me out of sapporo on friday ? get me to Wizard : I can try ! you have a budget ? User : yes i 9300 Wizard : Just you travelling ? User : correct Wizard : soonest I can get you from Sapporo to Rosario would be Sunday , September fourth . Is that ok ? User : thats a sketchy Wizard : Another destination ? User : how about kingston , anything earlier for that ? Wizard : Flights to Kingston from Sapporo are not available until Tuesday , September . : could you get to rosario faster if I left from phoenix ? Wizard I ‘ sorry - the soonest I get you to Rosario is September . User : phoenix to sapporo ? ? Wizard : Nothing available . User : how much does it to go from sapporo to rosario on sept 4 ? : I can book you Rosario at a 4 star hotel for 16 days and it would cost 6330 for economy class flights . : does this hotel have free breakfast ? Wizard : It sure does ! User : lets book it Wizard : Consider it done : slightly_smiling_face : User : , would like to find an package to from Alexandria . Wizard : That sounds like fun ! How many will traveling ? User : Just me , it 's my first time travelling alone , im super nervous Wizard Do n't worry , I will do my best to the perfect trip ! Do you a budget or travel dates in mind ? User : I only have 1800. and i 'd like to 31st and September 15th . Wizard : Unfortunately do not have any trips within your budget : disappointed : Do you have an alternative destination ? User Phoenix ? Wizard : I 've got a options Phoenix ! You can a 7 day stay at a 3 star with a 6.91/10 guest rating for 775.58 , or you can get a day stay at a 2.5 star with a 7.06/10 guest rating for 973.3 . User : I think I 'll take the first one ! Wizard : Would you like to upgrade the package to business class for a price of 918.37 ? User : no 'll take the economy package please Wizard : No problem ! I will book you the 7 economy package for $ 775.58 . You will receive an email confirmation shortly ! User : thanks User : please get me to paris ! Wizard : When would like to leave and would you like ? User : sept 11-26 . I do n't care about point of departure : Do you want to go to Paris or from Paris ? User : the former Wizard : Can you leave from Rosario ? User : can you get me to paris for under 4000 ? Wizard For under $ 4000 , I have 14 day Paris from several points of departure . Can you leave from New York ? User : yes can ! Is it by , then ? Wizard : I do not have hotels available Paris near park at the moment . However , I have near a : ok lets try Wizard : Birmingham from anywhere ? User : yes , i can just use my points : All my hotels in Birmingham are near a museum User what about ? Wizard : In Marseille , I have hotels either by the museum or the cathedral User : what rating are hotels Wizard : In or Marseille ? User : Marseille Wizard : , all available hotels around date of September 11 are 4 star hotels User : any of them stand out ? Wizard : Hotel Duchesse has an excellent guest rating 8.98/10 , includes wifi is near the museum . User : Which is the hotel near cathedral I 'm thinking I could my dogs out in that area Wizard : I have the Hotel , a 4 star hotel which also has an excellent guest rating of 8.69/10 , includes wifi and has a spa to relax in . User : Where would you have me flying from if I were go to Marseille ? Wizard : Are you able to go Cancun , Mexico ? User : How much would that ? : Puebla ? User : cost ? Wizard : One more choice - Athens , Greece . The cheapest is out of Puebla at 2954.73USD User : How long would I be staying at Grand Hotel in that Puebla option ? : Your stay would span 10 days from September 12 to September 20 . User : And the are in which class Wizard : 2954.73USD for economy and 3804.65USD for business User : okay put me economy please ! Wizard : I will book you at the Grand Hotel for your 10 day stay via economy class right away . I wish you a pleasant trip . User : much appreciated , thanks User : Hey , i want to go rome from kochi . Can you me some packages between september 2nd and 6th for 4300 Wizard : Are your dates flexible ? User : Yes my dates are quite flexible Wizard : Actually , on I have found a 4 star available from Sept 2-6 for you ! You stay at Hotel Grand Residence - user rated hotel with free breakfast wifi . The total price for this package is $ 2917 . User : Is there a business flight this package ? There sure is The cost to upgrade to business class would bring your total to 3794.31USD User : oo la la ! that sounds like great way to spend my money . Is this hotel anything ? Wizard : It is near shopping and a cathedral User : OOOOOO SHOPPING ! ! ! I 'll take ! Sign me up ! Wizard : Sure thing : slightly_smiling_face : User Thanks ! User : hahah silly me im from santo domingo . i wan na go anywhere God 's green earth . I days vacation Wizard : Ok ! ? : 400 Wizard : The only thing I can find under 400 dollars is a 9 day in Cana User : Cool , you tell me more ? : From Sept 7-15 you could stay at El Mar , 2.5 beachside . User : oooooo a beach . the hotel offer any amenities ? Wizard : None that am aware of . User : Okay , well how much does it cost ? Wizard : $ 381 User : what a ! er for me m8 Wizard : Ok , you ’ ve got it : slightly_smiling_face : User : thanks : v : User : you do flights out of naples ? Wizard : Where would you to go celebrate ? go to St. Louis Wizard : you be going alone or with friends ? User : taking my best 5 friends with me Wizard : I assume all of them are over 18 ? User : yes they ’ re age Wizard : Do guys have any time or budget constraints ? do you just want see the best package I 've got ? : show me money ( package ) : Absolutely ! most luxury package is a 14 day stay at the 3.0 star Glorious Cloak Inn , a whoping guest rating of 7.15/10 . During your stay you will free wifi and free breakfast , as well as close access to a beach . The business flight package will cost 29232.54 User are no five star hotels in SL ? Wizard : Unfortunately no . We have 3 star hotel with 6.91/10 rating . User not impressed . how about Chicago Wizard : Chicago is that much better ... we 've got a 2.5 star hotel with 8.22/10 ratings . It is close to a museum and a park though User : look up Campinas Wizard : Thank you for giving another chance to find you the perfect birthday getaway : slightly_smiling_face I can offer you a 3.5 hotel in the heart of Campinas ! It is close to mall and a cathedral , and has a guest rating 8.49/10 . Does this sound better ? User : Yo , im from Hiroshima . My b-day is coming up and me and my 3 amigos na party in Recife . Wizard : Ok ! I have the Glee from Sept 8-16 available . The hotel is 4 stars and near a park . User : mmm are there any 5 star hotels ? : I m sorry , I only this 4 star hotel and a 3.5 one . User : can you check for 5 star hotels in Frankfurt ? Wizard : I have a 5 star available in Frankfurt for 11 Sept 10-19 ! User : That sounds pretty good , do you have more on the hotel ? Wizard Of course ! It has 9.32 stars in its user rating , free breakfast , and free wifi included . User : , well could check for 5 star hotels in ? Wizard : I The Sapphire Time available - also 5 stars a park , market , theater . User : whats guest rating ? Wizard : 8.98 User : not bad Do they offer free breakfast and wifi ? Wizard They sure do ! User : great ! I 'll take this one then . Wizard : Sure thing : slightly_smiling_face I ll book that for you . Would you like to fly economy or business class ? User : business fo sho Wizard : Sure ! 4 adults that will be 3707.83USD User : cool beans . thanx Wizard : My pleasure ! User : ONE ticket from Belem to Punta Cana Wizard : ! User : BUSINESS class Wizard : Okay . When would you like to leave ? Do have any budget in mind ? User : A superstar is not concerned with budgets . Just get me there whenever Wizard How days would like to stay in Punta Cana User : Just get me a good hotel Wizard : I 'm afraid the best hotel in Punta Cana is 2.5 stars with a guest rating of 0/10 . There might be better hotels in another city if you 're open to other destinations . User : I d rather go to Phoenix then Wizard The best in Phoenix is a 3 star with 6.91/10 guest rating this sounds better to you , we have packages available . User : think I to back to Punta Cana . you make me feel a little better about this potential choice by telling the amenities are ? Wizard : It does not seem to have any amenities , but at least it 's close to the beach where you can get a perfect tan your : : I can offer you a business package for 8 or 9 day stay . User ok put me down for this Wizard : I agree ! Okay the 8 day business package is 1711.35 and the 9 day business package is 2933.17 Which one would like to reserve ? User : 8 days will be enough : Okay ! You are heading to Punta Cana for 8 days from Sept to 13 : slightly_smiling_face : You will receive an confirmation shortly . Happy traveling User : . I to thank you User : Hello ! I looking for a vacation for me , my wife , and our 2 kids . Wizard : I can help with that : slightly_smiling_face : Where are you leaving from ? User : Wizard : And where you like to go ? User : We 've been thinking about Brasilia Wizard : Let me see what I ’ ve got . Are you on a budget User : yes , 1800 Wizard : The cheapest family package have Burlington to Brasilia is 7402.70USD : ouch . Okay , how about a vacation in Punta Cana ? Wizard : My best be 4358.48USD . User : Anything for Chicago ? Wizard : I can give you six days in Chicago for 2418.80USD User : What is the hotel like ? Wizard : The hotel is 2.5 stars has a 8.22/10 guest rating . It is near a park a museum and features free parking , wifi , and complimentary breakfast . User : I 'd like to find a vacation between tomorrow and September 14th from Santos to Leon Wizard : I have the Serene Palms Resort a 5 star beachside resort near a palace with free wifi available from 1-9 . The package for one adult with economy flights would cost $ : How much business Wizard : 3699.41USD User : great , this package sounds to me lets book it Wizard : You bet your stay : Thank you ... friend User : leaving from cleveland , 2 september 8 27 Wizard : Any special destinations on your wishlist ? User : surprise me ! Wizard : I have a few suggestions , first I need to know if you have a certain of money you would like to to this trip ? User : I have 5200 Wizard : We have the Glorious Spring Hotel with a star rating close to the available for 17 day : lets find shorter but at a nicer hotel Wizard : How about 15 days at a star hotel in Vancouver , Canada ? User : can you me more about this ? Wizard : 's located near a park , museum and cathedral , includes unlimited use of wifi , breakfast free of includes a parking . It also has a 8.8/10 guest rating . Your flight would depart on Sept 13th with a return flight to Cleveland on Sept 27th User : Okay how much would it cost book our party ? Wizard : If we place you in economy class seating it would cost 2945.19USD , and we place you in business class seating it would cost 3653.42USD . User : that case we would be willing to splurge for business class . Wizard : 1 adult and 2 children booked in business class . Thank you for booking ! User : Thank you ! User TO GET TO ROME FROM LEON Wizard : Sure ! When ? User : OR AFTER THE 6TH : I can offer a day package at an unrated hotel , leaving on sixth , for a cost of 554.62 USD User : OH . ARE THERE ANY OTHER AVAILABLE HOTELS Wizard : Yes ! The Double Pastures is also for 12 days ; it has a 4 star rating and 8.98/10 guest rating . User GOOD . ANY ? Wizard 11 days at Hotel Grand Residence would cost 847 dollars This hotel is 4 stars and has free and wifi . User THE DOUBLE PASTURES HAVE FREE BREAKFAST AND WIFI ? Wizard : Yes , it does ! User : GOOD GOOD . THERE OTHER I NEED TO KNOW WHERE MADONNA AND HER FRIEND ARE STAYING Wizard : Hotel Emerald Legacy is 4 stars with 8.22/10 user rating . User : ARE THERE ANY 5 STAR HOTELS ? Wizard : No . User DANG NABBIT ! FINE I GUESS I 'LL GO THE 4 STAR AT THE DOUBLE PASTURES . HOW MUCH IS ? Wizard : 12 days would cost 867.69USD for economy class flights . User : ILL BOOK IT Wizard : Sure ! confirmation will be sent to your shortly . User : THANK YOU ! User : Do you do flights from Santo Domingo to Frankfurt ? Wizard : We do ! Are you in a 10 day trip to Frankfurt ? We 've got hotels ! User : That would be great ! I have 4300 to spend and I m bringing 6 grandchildren along with me Wizard : Unfortunately none of the options in Frankfurt fit within your budget . Do you have somewhere else you like to go ? User : Let us try again but Punta Cana : That 's a great We have quite a offerings in Punta Cana . Do you have any date constraints ? User : Yes , we ’ d like to leave sept and 20 Wizard : Perfect we have packages from Sept 7 to 17 One is 3 star hotel with a 8.49/10 guest , to palace and a theater . Another is a star hotel with 7.15/10 guest rating , located to a museum , cathedral , and a palace . I have economy and business options for both . User : I ’ d like to stay near the , so that I can take the children . Does it offer free breakfast ? Wizard : Sounds a good choice ! It offers not just free breakfast ... also free wifi ! User : How would this option cost us ? Wizard : I can offer the economy package for 2101.5 and the business package for 2313.5 . User : And this one adult and six children ? : Yes ! User : Please book this Wizard : Consider it done ! Time to pack your bags : slightly_smiling_face : User : i wan na go to sacramento from hiroshima Wizard : The Bronze Luxury Hotel is 5 stars and has a 10/10 user review . For 16 days I can you at a cost of 4160 USD . User is it available for 2 adults ? Wizard : Yes , but the price would be doubled . User : so how much ? my budget 10400 Wizard The cost is within your budget . 8320.51USD is the total for two adults . : good . Can you also check packages for denver Wizard : I have the 4 Marina Castle Hotel for 7017.93USD . This be a night stay . User : any other hotels ? Wizard : Brass Renaissance Resort is for 9 days at a cost of $ 6289 . This is 3 stars with 8.86 rating . User : nah . i like 5 star hotel . What else can you tell about that hotel ? Wizard : Sure . Sacramento ’ s Bronze Luxury Hotel has 10/10 user rating , is near a , free , and provides free wifi User : I love it . we will take one Wizard : Great ! I will for two . User : thnx , toodles User : can you help me book a flight ? is my first this service Wizard : Certainly ! Can you being by me you would like to go where you are coming from , and what are preferred travel dates ? User : I hail from Fort Lauderdle . Would like to go between sept 2 and 15 . Am prepared to spend up to 2000 Sadly , we have no flights out of Fort Lauderdle . Is there another city you can from ? what if i changed dates . sept 2 and 23 Wizard no luck . User : do you have hotels near parks in Campinas ? Wizard : All of our hotels in Campinas are located in the heart of the city near the mall cathedral . User : but none of them near any parks Wizard : Not in Campinas . I can check other cities for you . User : check Belem Wizard : None by a park but I have a nice 4 star hotel on the beach User : Does San Juan have any parks ? Wizard : How will your stay be ? : Between Sept 2 and 12 for a minimum 4 day stretch Wizard : Number of people together ? User : 2 adults Wizard : Good news . I have Supreme Seaside Inn located right by a park not far from the mall . User : Do you have the right dates for us Wizard : packages available from Sept 6 to 9th User : that will do whats the cost ? And where do we depart from Wizard : If you leave from Montreal , the cost be 351.79USD . User : Easily feasible . How do we book ? Wizard : I will take care of all the details for you . User : Thank you ! User : i need to take 6 clients to Punta Cana Wizard : Ok ! From where User : miami Wizard : I have a variety of hotel options in Punta Cana ranging from 2.5-3.5 star ratings . When would you like to travel ? User : after september Wizard : How about days at Scarlet Peaks Hotel ? 3.0 star features a 6.77 guest rating , free breakfast , free wifi and is situated near a cathedral . User : maybe . Could you check for flights to Kingston ? Wizard : 2.5 star Cosmos Inn is available for 8 days for just under 11 thousand dollars . : anything rated higher than 2.5 stars ? Wizard : Golden Excalibur Hotel has 3.5 stars . User : is that highest rating ? Wizard : In Kingston , yes . User : anything higher than 3.5 stars in hiroshima ? Wizard : is available Sept 12-19 rating 4.5 stars . User : i like the sounds of this one best . What is the hotel like ? Wizard : It is near a , a 8.86/10 user rating , and provides free wifi . User : i like it . what are the dates for package ? Wizard : Sept or Sept 8-13 are both available . : i think to 13th is better for my schedule . Is there a business class flight available ? Wizard : Sure ! For 7 adults , business class package cost is 25812.58USD . User : that sounds doable . I would to book this package please . Wizard : consider it done User : Thank you so much . User Hello , you can my friend and me to Mexico City . From Puebla - this ’ t be difficult Wizard : How much are you willing to spend ? User : Get us there whenever but get us back September 21 . We are willing to spend whatever it takes to get the best flights and hotels Don ’ t bother if its not 4.5 stars or better Wizard : The very best in Mexico City is only a 3.5 star hotel It has a guest rating though . Will this suffice or do you want to try another city instead ? User : Santo Domingo Wizard : In Santo Domingo I can get you a business package a 4 star hotel with 8.8/10 guest rating . It offers free , breakfast , and parking and is conveniently located near the beach and shopping . User : What dates ? Wizard : September 7 to 20 . User Sign us Wizard : Confirmed . You going to Domingo ! 2477.25 total for everything . The confirmation email is on its way . Anything else I can do for you ? User : did you book us business class ? Wizard : Of course , business it is ! User : do buenos to hiroshima , and if so at what cost : What would your travel dates be for how many people ? User : dates matter , traveling alone here Wizard : Would you prefer to stay in Hiroshima for 8 or 10 days ? : can 2900 last me for either of these options Wizard : $ 2900 wo n't get you anything in Hiroshima . Would you like to go somewhere ? User : Could it get me to Sao Paulo ? Wizard : The best hotel in Sao Paulo is the Hotel Primavera , a rated hotel with 6.91/10 guest rating it is located in the heart of city close to the cathedral and the . Your breakfast is included and so is wifi . This 7 day package is a value of 1455.47USD . User : think that should work , yeah Wizard : Should I proceed with the reservation ? Yes , let 's book User : Can you do for Kyoto for under 5000 ? is for two people Wizard : Depends on where you coming from . User : Just tell me ’ s possible Wizard : We 've got flights from Ulsan , Kobe , Seoul , Busan , and Fukuoka . If you can tell me more about the dates you want to travel or what of hotels you are looking for , I can help you narrow down the choices . User : But tell if you can get a hotel near a park in ? Wizard : only hotel in Kyoto and is in the of the city , close to a museum , but not necessarily close to a park . Got parks near your Ulsan hotels ? Wizard : Sure ! actually do have a hotels in Ulsan to a park ! Is there a date you need to go there or leave by User : Yes , we need a minimum of 4 stay . between aug and sep 7 Wizard : Sure , I have great 5.0 hotel close to a park , a market , and a theater ! It has a guest rating of 8.98/10 . I can offer 4 , 5 , 6 7 , or 8 day packages there within your budget . User : where would i flying from , and what class would be in Wizard : Yes you can choose between vs. business . I have flights from Essen , Baltimore , Kochi , and Hiroshima . : How much would cost if you flew us in from Baltimore ? Wizard : Business would cost 6178.12 . This would be a 7 day package . : Economy it is then Wizard : Sure , I can book a 7 day package for you for 4808.37 . Would you like me to process this reservation ? User : Yes please : Okay , confirmation has been to you ! Hope you have a pleasant ! User : Thanks ! User I have 4800 dollars Wizard Where would like go ? User : dont care i just need to leave from milan Wizard : I can offer you 19 days in Porto for 3272.95USD User : can you give me a list of possible ? Wizard : Would you rather spend 17 days in Montreal ? User : Are there any other places ? Wizard : I only see one hotel in Montreal . Would you like me to look for User : porto montreal the only places can go ? Wizard Where would you to go ? User : im just wondering if there are only the 2 destinations Wizard : I can you 19 days in Porto for 3272.95USD . User : Hello I would like to book a classic Marseille getaway Would be leaving from Birmingham City Wizard : Can you tell me some you are looking for well as for how many people and your desired date of departure ? User : i 'd like to book the poshest trip 3900 can fetch me . just for one Wizard : How about a day getaway Marseille for 3123.49USD User : What kind of hotel would that be at ? Wizard That would be a 4 hotel near the museum also have a 4 star hotel the cathedral for 2437.41USD . Would you rather be near the or the cathedral ? : What amenities would I get with the cathedral place ? Wizard The Grand Hotel , located near the cathedral , only has free wifi but also a spa on the premises . The guest rating is a 8.69/10 . User : But no wifi ? Wizard : It has free wifi . User : do it then Wizard : Are you with a September 12th departure and return on the ? User : Yes that will work ! I will start the booking . Thank you enjoy your stay in Marseille User : Thanks ! User : i want to dream of a better life in Pittsburgh rather than Houston Wizard : You could spend 17 days at Onyx Isle Hotel only 969.52USD ! User What is the hotel rating ? : 3.5 stars with 8.86/10 from users . User : nice . well maybe . I 'd also like to dream about Goiania Wizard : The 3.5 star Scarlet Palms Resort is available for an day stay a cost of 2442.91USD User : any higher rated hotels ? Wizard : The Sunset Baron is also 3.5 stars but has a guest rating of 8.69/10 User : cool . Are there packages to Fortaleza ? Wizard : Riverside is available for 15 days . It is a 3.0 star hotel with 9.32/10 from guests Elder Angel is for days is also 3 stars , however 7.15/10 from guests . User : anything else ? Wizard : Hotel has 3 and 11 day packages available . User : I ’ m trying to get from Milan to a bunch of possible internship spots . It needs to be both between 31 and Sept 3 Wizard : I can help you narrow down your choices . Do you have a budget ? : Yes thanks for reminding me , its 2600 Wizard No problem . is n't the biggest problem here I just did a quick we no more flights out of Milan in your selected dates Are your departure city and travel dates flexible User : My departure city is n't . Do you have flights from Milan to other destinations ? : I 'm afraid not . Nothing departing from Milan within your dates . User : Ok , thanks anyway ! User : I ’ m good , you ? Wizard : Never bad can I help you ? User : I ’ d like to leave Wizard : Why yes , where would you to go ? User : Do flights to Long Beach ? Wizard : Sure ! What are your preferred travel ? User Between Sept 8 and 26 please : there a how you like to ? : There ’ s no cap I ’ a lucky duck Wizard : You sure are ... we have a 3 star hotel close to park with 8.49/10 guest rating and a star hotel close the with 6.91/10 guest rating . Both have free parking , free breakfast , free wifi . User : Whats the cost though ? Wizard 3 star hotel I a 6 day economy package for 3331.87 , business package for 4304.65 . For the 2.5 , I have 6 day economy package for 3121.59 , business package for 4046.30 . User : How about trips to San Juan ? Would you be able to find me better than a 3 star rated hotel ? Wizard : You are in luck ! There is a 4 star hotel in San Juan with a 8.98/10 rating . It boasts easy access to museums , shopping , and . User : Yes please check flights to Kingston please Wizard : In Kingston you can get a 4 star with 8.22/10 or 3.5 star hotel with 8.69/10 rating . Are you interested in knowing or would you like to check some other destinations ? User : Just tell me a little more about the star hotel please . Nearby , amenities , etc . : It 's close to a museum and it 's got free , breakfast , and wifi . User : Do you do Busan to Fort Lauderdale ? Wizard We do , but we only have a 2 star hotel . Do n't think you want ... User : ’ s the longest stay you can get me that 4 star hotel you mentioned ? Wizard For Kingston , I only have a 5 day package from Sept . For San Juan longest I have is a 9 day package from Sept 14-21 User : How much would the San Juan trip cost , for economy class ? Wizard : offer is available for 1624.19 ! User : Please book that one ! Wizard : Your trip has been reserved for you ! A confirmation email with all the details is coming your way shortly . User : Thank you ! User : Hi ! : Hello : HAve 2500 to try to get my internship . Need to leave Phoenix between September 8 and 17 . Could that get me tickets to Kingston ? Wizard : it can . We can set you with a 6 day or 9 day stay in . User : how much would 9 days cost me : 9 days in Kingston in a hotel that provides all of the amenities such as free , parking and breakfast located in the heart of the city and near a you 1088.15USD . User : Could you get me to Houston cheaper ? Wizard : If you could go from the to 17th of September , an even better deal Houston . User How cheap Wizard : $ 759.14USD for 12 days . You can go all out on business class for $ 903.99USD . Are you able swing it ? User : But while we 're at can we also look into Recife ? Wizard : - 9 days - 2480.52USD User : Can you me about the hotel in ? gets worried whenever I have to travel , she likes me to have breakfast some reason Wizard : You get a free breakfast plus wifi and parking and you are near the mall . : And the name the hotel ? Wizard : Elton , stars . Should we go and book for you then ? User : Yes ! ! Wizard : Done ! User : +1 : User I have $ 3300 and I ’ d like to take my 6 darling little grandchildren on cute little getaway to Salvador from Minneapolis . Wizard : Sorry , I can not find a trip from Minneapolis to Salvador for this many people . User Well are there any trips to Tampa ? Wizard : Not from Minneapolis , no . User : trips to las vegas ? Wizard : From Minneapolis , USA , yes ! You can fly business class and stay at Retro Inn for 7 at a cost of 1972.72USD . User : What rating the hotel ? And my grandchildren want to know if they have whyfly ? I dont know what whyfly is but they said they have to have it their weird devices . Wizard : The hotel is 2.5 stars with 6.91 review . It is near a park , the airport and mall . It features free , parking , and has free wifi User : Ok , well i think that sounds about right ! Thank , we would to book this one , the grandkids are already so , the little buggers can ’ t wait ! How much does this cost ? Wizard : 1972.72USD for class flights and a 7 day . User : Lovely ! When does this trip leave and come back ? Wizard : September 1 until September 7th the duration of the trip . User : Oh no ! That just wont do . The little ones dont get back from the 6th and school starts on the 21st . Is there a trip between those ? Wizard : Not within your budget , sadly . User : i have 12 days for vacay Wizard : Ok ! Where ya headed ? User : i dont know , was hoping you could help me decide . i in Kingston and i want travel or after the 8th Wizard : Do you have a ? User : no Wizard : have days in Baltimore from Sept 17-28 ! User : Where else could I go ? Wizard Boston has 12 day packages as well just over 1500 dollars . User : Anywhere else ? Wizard : Berlin , Germany . User : Anywhere ? : , Seattle and Cancun . User : is that all the options ? Wizard : That is all that I given your broad parameters . User : okay . Well what the package for Seattle ? Wizard I have business class flights from Kingston and a stay at a 5 star hotel 1890.22USD . User : i like it , when are the ? Wizard : You would leave Kingston on September and return on September 21st . User : that sounds good me . one . Wizard Sure thing ! I will email confirmation . User : thanks ! User : Hi there : Hi how can I help today ? User : Looking to go from Melbourne Paris . Have to on tickets for 9 adults Wizard : We do have deals from Melbourne to Paris User : Do you do Paris to Melbourne ? Wizard : Nor the other way around User : what about paris to aviv , same Wizard : No flights from Paris to Tel Aviv either : I want to find a September 12th and 18th San Diego from Calgary for under 1800 . Wizard : Ok , I can help with that : slightly_smiling_face : How many travellers ? User : just me myself and i Wizard : I have the perfect trip for you ! 7 days at Anomaly Inn & Suites from 12-18 for 1113 dollars . User : whats the hotel rated ? Wizard : stars . 6.51/10 user rating . User : Is there a hotel with a higher rating ? : I have only 2 hotels for your date range User : okay , thats fine . Go book it for me then , i just wan na get away . Wizard : Sure thing ! economy class flights ok with ? User : yeah thats fine Wizard : Great , enjoy your stay : slightly_smiling_face : User User : I want to find a vacay between sept.12 and 19 for under 5500 , leaving from Mannheim Wizard Do you have your heart set on a destination ? User : Nope Wizard : I can change that ... you vacationing solo ? User : yeppers , all by my lonesome Wizard : We can take you to Manaus , Hiroshima , Curitiba , Cordoba , and Paris . Any of these sound appealing ? : Can you give some info on Wizard : That a great choice . We have an amazing 5 star hotel with a 8.98 average rating You have access to wifi breakfast , and are located close to a museum . We have a 8 day package for your exact dates for only 1260.52 User : Wow ! That 's lucky ! I think 'll end up going with this package before I make up my mind can you check packages to Paris ? Wizard : With pleasure ! For the same 8 days in Stockholm , we can put you in a 4 star hotel with 9.16/10 rating . This hotel also has free wifi + breakfast , close to a museum palace . We have a great deal for the business package for just 968.76 ! User : , what about Wizard : The best one in Hiroshima is star hotel with 8.86/10 rating . It has free wifi and a museum nearby . For the same dates , you can get an for 3180.57 or a business for 4084.30 . User : nope , im deinintely goin with the 5 hotel . me up Wizard : Done ! The star hotel business package is booked for you . Have in Cordoba ! thanks User I would like to go to Nagoya please : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : Sure ! And where would you like to leave from ? : Busan Wizard : Do you have a travel date in mind ? User : september 7-21 and i have a tight budget of 3800 Wizard ! I have a trip well under your budget . The 3 star Oceanside Resort is available from Sept 12-20 . It has a guest rating of 8.69/10 , is near a university , and the cost wifi , breakfast , and parking are all included in the package price of $ 617.53 . User : what ’ s the best package you have for Leon ? Wizard : I have the 5 star Sunny Aurora available from either Sept 8-13 or 12-19 . The first set of dates would be cheaper as it is a shorter duration . The set has a longer duration User oo , now we ’ re cookin ’ . you have any to Paris Wizard : Yes ! I have Sept 7-19 at a star hotel near museums , shopping , and a cathedral for just about dollars . Business class flights included in this price . : , How much does the longer package at the 5 star hotel in leon cost ? Wizard for economy class flights . User : ’ ll take it Wizard : You ’ ve got it : slightly_smiling_face : Thanks for booking ! User : Thank you User : do you have flights of tel aviv ? ? Wizard : We do not fly out Tel Aviv User : what about Beijing Wizard : Neither from Beijing . Are you able to leave from somewhere else ? User : San to Porto Alegre please . oh it needs to be between sept to 22 Wizard : We are unable to provide any travel packages from San Jose to Alegre User : please get me from Jerusalem to Wizard : am sorry but we can fulfill that request User do you do Beijing flights to Sydney ? ? Wizard : regret to inform you that we do not do Beijing to Sydney User : I want to go to brasilia from Wizard : Let me how I help you User : i have 1600 Wizard : Ok ! When do you want travel ? User : doesnt matter , i cant book anything , im lowlife and only dream Wizard : You would spend 8 days at 3.5 star hotel near the , shopping , a theatre . Free parking , free breakfast , free wifi are all included . And the user reviews are 8.69/10 . User : i like . about trips to Wizard : just USD you could spend 8 days at Tranquil Season Hotel , a 2.5 star hotel the beach shopping district with free parking , free breakfast , and wifi included ! User : any trips to houst ? Wizard : Sorry , I don ’ t have anything available in Houst . User : I want to go to Wizard : Hi there , not so fast Where are you leaving from and when would you like to go ? User : and from 11 to 28 or somewhere there Wizard : Are your own or with a group ? User : ill let you know i find a trip that looks enticing Wizard : In Dublin we have a 2.5 hotel and a 2.0 hotel . Would you like to know more about these options ? User : what is the highest rated hotel Wizard The highest rated is the 2.5 star hotel , rated at 6.77 / 10 . : ew . Any trips to kochi ? Wizard : In Kochi we a 3.5 hotel rated at by guests . User : what if i leave from Recife Wizard : The hotel the same in Kochi if you leave from Recife . User : What about from to Dublin Wizard : Still same hotels in Dublin . One 2.5 start and one 2 star . User : Is anything to Aires Wizard : Actually yes , if you leave from Recife , we have 3.5 star hotel and a 3.0 star hotel in Buenos Aires . User : the 3.5 star hotel near anything interesting ? Wizard : Yup , it in fact in the heart of the city , close to a park . While there , you can also enjoy free wifi and breakfast . User : cool beanie weenies . Book it for me and 3 my friends Wizard : , this has a 9 day package ( Sep 20-28 ) for 3428.5 economy version for 2861.76 . User : i like it . can you book it for me please Wizard : The business package ? User : yes Wizard : I 'd be happy to book it for you ! Anything else you ? : Thanks : Hello there . I am the father a group of 4 spoiled , privileged brats I 've to a trip to see how those in less fortunate parts of the world live Give them some perspective you know ? you can get me , my wife , and the four kids , from Calgary Wizard Can please confirm the number of adults and the number of children that will be together ? : 2 and 4 Wizard : Calgary to Guadalajara is a destination that we service . you provide either a new city or a destination city : I suppose we _could_ take them de Janeiro also Wizard : to Rio de Janeiro not come up either . User : you think I could still get message across if we to San ? Wizard : You would have to fly out of somewhere else than for specific destinations . User : That is not an option : I have budget , 16 days vacay , leaving from barcelona am looking for possible destinations Wizard : I ’ m sorry , I am to 0 dollar . User : ughhhh fine , i guess i can up it to 400 Wizard have an 11 day trip to Rome Secret Bay for $ 384 . Interested ? User : well give me more info and ill let know Wizard : The is unrated has free breakfast and free wifi User : are there any other options Wizard : The only option within your price range is in Santiago : Una casa has a 7 day package for 200 . : what is it rated Wizard : 3.0 stars . User : does it offer anything Wizard : Sorry , I don ’ t understand User : it have free wifi or anything that Wizard : , yes ! Free parking free wifi , and complimentary breakfast ! User : is near a mall Wizard : It is near a museum ! User : I think will book this one . is there business flight for ? Wizard : Yes ! You can upgrade to business class for an extra 67 dollars . User : yeah ill do Wizard : Sure ! I ’ ll go ahead and book that for then . User thanks ! User : hello ! Wizard : I am here to User : i have between september 6 to 21 to take my team somewhere nice . can you please book six adults from nagoya to buenos : will that be adults ? : yes Wizard : I can definitely you with your request . Are you on a certain budget for this trip ? User : no budget ! Wizard : I have a few options for you in Nagoya . Let narrow down . you prefer a 13 day stay or a 10 day stay ? User : Does the 13 day fit within the I provided ? : The would begin on the 8th and return on the of I have the Market Hotel available which carries a star rating and is located in the heart of the city . How this sound ? : What amenities are there ? Wizard : 6 of you will have access to free wifi and parking breakfast is available at no for your entire party . User : Can you also check if you can book 6 to Kyoto ? And tell me the costs . Wizard : have 9 day package available in Kyoto at the Glorious Bazaar plus , This hotel carries a star rating , is located near the museum and would work out to Free wifi and breakfast are also included with this package . User : Whats the guest rating of this place ? Wizard : 8.22/10 guest : and for Buenos Aires Wizard : The Olive Market Hotel in Buenos Aires has a 8.69/10 guest rating User Ok lets go ahead and that . 9 please Wizard : Are you interested in upgrading to business class ? User What would be total cost ? Wizard : With the additional 3 people and the upgrade to business class your total bill would be 57520.1USD . : lets book it Wizard : I will take care that for you . Enjoy your trip please contact us again User : Thanks ! User : I ’ m to book a vacation between september 18th and 22nd to Vitoria from North Vancouver for 2700 Wizard : I ’ m sorry , we do offer direct packages from North Vancouver to Vitoria . could depart from an alternate location ? User : no . thats ok , look elsewhere : I want you to find me a package Jerusalem to Miami between August 31st and September 3rd , if you dont find me a package will sue Wizard : I ’ m sorry , we do not service Jerusalem . Perhaps another departure point ? User : HAHAHA no . that is not acceptable User : I am most famous chef and i to to Kochi from Tijuana Wizard : Are you traveling alone or with your assistants User : will be with lawyers and children There will be 6 6 children in total Wizard : Any budget or dates in mind ? User : 36300 for budget and the dates dont matter Wizard Thanks for the information ! We only have one package that matches your . It is an economy package at a 2.5 hotel with 6.77/10 rating . You get to enjoy free parking , free breakfast , free wifi , and to a nearby park with the children . Total cost is 35780.47 . User : if i up budget by Wizard Nothing better sadly . User : well thats alright i . book it Wizard : Great ! You are one step closer to ! Keep an eye out for the User : thanks ! User : i wan na go 2 santa cruz kabul Wizard : I ’ m I have no trips available for these locations . : gots ta get Minneapolis from Lima Wizard : Ok ! When ? User : on or after sept. 8th Wizard : have a 2.5 star hotel 10 days . Would you like to hear more ? User yeah Wizard : So , its called the Antique Mantle has a 7.15/10 guest rating . hotel is near a university and has free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi ! : is there anything with a higher rating . trying to find madonna Wizard : I have only one other hotel up and it also 2.5 stars in rating . User : how much is it Wizard : 1691 for 10 at the Antique Mantle . User : ok ill take it and i guess ill just other hotels until find . thanks User : I have 9 days for vacation I 'm from atlanta and i 'd like to leave on or after september 8th Wizard : What is your ideal budget ? User : i dont have one Wizard : Any general idea where you want go ? User : nope Wizard : Do you need get back by a certain day ? User : no Wizard : Alrighty , I trips to Berlin , Baltimore , Maceio , Seattle , San Antonio . User : Can you give me information for your best package in Berlin Wizard : We have a 9 day package a 5.0 star hotel ( rated 8.8/10 by guests ) , nearby a museum and with free wifi breakfast . User : great , can give me info on your best package Baltimore Wizard : We only one hotel in Baltimore . It is a star hotel 7.06/10 guest rating . There is free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi . We offer 9 and 4 day packages here . User What is your best package for Maceio Wizard : Maceio 's is a 3.5 star hotel by a , a market , and theater . It has been 8.8/10 guests and provides free wifi and breakfast . We offer day packages here . User : What is the best you have for Seattle Wizard : That would be a 5.0 star hotel with 8.8/10 guest rating . We 've got 9 day package and you get free and convenient access to the airport . User : is the best in san antonio Wizard : The best option is a 2 star .. it has 7.15/10 ratings though . It 's also close to a park , a museum , a mall , offers free wifi , parking , and breakfast . User : i like the option for Seattle Wizard : Great ! I have the business package for 2110.58 and the economy package for 1709.68 . User Sure ill take the business package please : It has been reserved for ! Anything else I can do you today ? User : . can you send me the info tho so i dont forget the information for the trip Wizard Sure thing , it is a 9 day business package from September 10-18 at The Emerald ( 5.0 stars , rated 8.8/10 . The hotel offers free parking and convenient to the airport . will charged a total of $ 2110.58 for this trip . : thanks bye User : Baltimore to Sacramento Wizard : I will have a look for you . Do you have any date restrictions ? User : nope Wizard : How number of people ? User : 1 Wizard : How long would you like to go for ? User : undecided just book me whatever Wizard I have 16 days available at The Bronze Luxury Hotel . This hotel has a fantastic star rating with a 10/10 guest rating . User book me the earliest business class flight for that package Wizard : The earliest departs on September 3rd . The total cost on business class will be 2009.43USD . User : book it Wizard : Your flights and hotel stay have been booked . Confirmation . User good User : Hi , i to get out of Jerusalem before i get whacked . Wizard : Sorry , do not service Jerusalem . User : hi Wizard : slightly_smiling_face : User : looking for a vacation between september 5 and 19 for 7 and kids from Tampa . Budget is 22400 Wizard : I can book you 21 days at Hotel Perfection in , Mexico just 47,489 dollars . User : that isnt within my budget Wizard : Would you like to leave from Sendai , Japan ? User : no but i guess i can increase my budget by 200 Wizard : How about 15 days in ? This only 19 564 dollars User : that sounds better . What is the hotel like Wizard : 2.5 stars , 8.86/10 user rating , near the beach , and free and breakfast are included ! : near the beach ! You got sold . Book er Wizard : Ok slightly_smiling_face : Enjoy trip User : thanks User Can you get me from Cordoba to Fukuoka ? Wizard : I sure can ! when you like to go ? User : Right after September 6 please Wizard : I a September 6 and a September 10 , do you prefer ? User : lets go with the to be safe . no budget here , but 'd like nicest hotels and flights Wizard : A September 10 departure will you a 13 day stay the Historic Mansion , a 3.5 star hotel at a price of 3530.8USD based on a business class fare . User : I 'm guessing have got a better hotel there ? Wizard : Nothing available in Fukuoka at the moment . User : Then take a look at ! : I have the 5 star El Hotel De La Reina available on a Sept 8th departure 10 day or a Sept 9 departure for a package . User : 5 star sounds good . but can we learn a little more about the amenities Wizard Free is included and there is a breakfast daily User How much would cost ? Wizard : For guest it will be 937.60USD User : 'd need to book for two please . And this is for class correct ? Wizard : In that case , the price is 1875.21USD . User : Put me down for that please ! : I book and confirm . Have a nice day . : you too ! : Wizard : Hi ! What can I for you ? User : would like to send my away between sept 12 and oct 1 for 1900 Wizard : From where shall they depart ? : Wizard : I can book 19 days for 2 in New York for 6200 dollars . How does that sound ? : have that kind of money Wizard : much are you to spend ? User : ! I told you this Wizard : Zion Hotel is available for 13 days in Belem . User : for how much Wizard : 1511.11 USD User : that works . ill send them there I just need them gone so i can go to my competition . Wizard : Ok , great ! Do you want know more about the trip ? User : yeah sure why Wizard : The 4.5 star hotel is on the beach , free parking , breakfast , and wifi , and the travel dates extend from September 14 until the : , ya book it . Thanks User : I need to get back home asap , its an emergency Wizard : Will do my best to help ! Where and were are currently ? User : from tofino to melbourne Wizard : I regret to inform do offer flights between those two cities . Can you from somewhere else ? Or land somewhere else ? User : i can leave from jerusalem Wizard : No luck with either ... User : can you flights to sydney then Wizard Sorry , nothing available here either . User : not even from tofino Wizard : Sadly no . User : crap . I 'll have to look somewhere else then thanks anyway User : Hey I in santo domingo and i to get to birmingham Wizard : Sorry , do n't any availabilities for Domingo to Birmingham . there nearby cities you land at or depart from User : no but i could go to Ulsan instead Wizard : We can get you to Ulsan ! When would you like to go ? And how long would you like to stay ? User : it doesnt matter Wizard : How much are you planning on spending ? User it matter Wizard : Are you own ? User : yep Wizard : I would recommend you our best package to Ulsan It is a at a luxurious 5 star hotel , with 8.98/10 guest rating . It boasts free parking , free wifi , and convenient access to a park , market , a . I can offer a 9 day package or a 14 day package User : wow that perfect , are there any other package ? Wizard : The second best would be a 9 day package at a 4.0 star hotel , rated 7.06/10 by guests . This hotel also free and wifi , and is next to a market and a palace . User : Nope i like the 1st one , book it for me Wizard : We have both business and economy for the 9 and 14 day , which one would you like to book ? User : 14 days business please Wizard : That would be 6344.38 . Consider it done ! : Thanks User : I would like to go to Monterrey from Stuttgart can not do this . : Well how about if i go Dublin for 2300 with 11 adults Wizard : For 11 adults the cost would be 24294.45USD User : too much . How about marseille for with 7 adults Wizard : I can not accommodate request . User : Hi , i want to go to from with my and son Wizard : Oceanside for 1630.5USD . You will stay 9 days : is that the only package : You can stay for 7 days instead for 1630.5USD User : okay . Can i you have for Guadalajara ? Wizard Excursion for 15 days at a cost of 5100 dollars User nope afford that one . actually do you have any packages to nagoya for 1300 Wizard : No : any for Wizard : No User : bye . thanks Wizard : Goodbye User Hi there . I 'd like to go to somewhere departing from Rome after September 8 Wizard : Can I have the length of time that you would like to be for ? : 9 days please ! Wizard I have few choices for you on 9 day stays . Do you a amount that you would like to spend on this trip ? User : I have no maximum : I I have the perfect place for . The Southern Universe & Suites in Cairo includes all the and has the added value being located near the park , market , cathedral and palace . User : Can give us a price estimate ? Wizard : $ 3378.47USD based on economy User : Lets book it Wizard : I will care of for you . Much obliged . User : Thanks ! User : Beijing to . Wizard : I book you days if you leave from Kobe User : I cant from kobe only bejing Wizard : I can not accomodate this request User : Well how about instead of stuttgart we look at Goiania Wizard : No can do . User : well then look into flights for 13 anywhere Wizard : Leaving from Beijing ? User : yes Wizard : I do have any flights leaving from Beijing . User : San Diego to Pittsburgh for 7 adults total Wizard : Hi there much are you willing to ? User : anything Wizard : How long would you like to stay and when do you want to leave ? User : whenever Wizard : The best package I have in Pittsburgh is at a 3.5 star hotel , rated 8.86/10 . I also have a few 2.5 star hotels . What would you like to hear more about ? User : want to hear about the very best , so business class and high rated hotels Wizard : Okay , this 3.5 hotel is our best in Pittsburgh . It is rated by guests . It offers free parking , free breakfast , free wifi , and is located near a park . I have a 11 day package with business flights 6878.36 . User : okay . do you have anything to Calgary : Sure do ! The best package in Calgary puts you in a 4.0 hotel , with rating 0/10 . It is close a university and offers free wifi and parking For business packages , have 12 or 6 day ones . User : Ok do yu have for burlington Wizard : Burlington best is a 3.0 star hotel with guest ratings and easy to a park . there , you can enjoy and free wifi . We have a 6 day package available . User : i think ill take the 4 business package to Calgary Wizard : Sounds good Would you to stay for 6 12 days ? : 12 Wizard : Perfect ! The 12 day business package is booked for you for 3743.45 . Email confirmation is coming your way ! User : thanks User : I want to send my parents Wizard : Where would you like to book them to go ? And where will they be leaving ? User : Milan and i dont care where they go just them gone Wizard Is there budget ? User : 3500 Wizard : And the dates of travel ? User : between sept 8th and 25th Wizard : I can them to Naples for 14 days at a of 837.41 dollar ! User wow cheap ! tell more about package Wizard : It would be from Sept 8 until 21st the hotel is 3 stars with a 8.8 rating , and the hotel is near a museum in the heart of the city . User : i like it . book away : Ok I will go ahead book it : slightly_smiling_face : User : thanks ! youre a life saver User : I to go on a vacationg from september 18th to september 22nd to Monterrey Curritiba for under 3100 Wizard : Sure ! Are you travelling alone ? User : ya Wizard : I have no trips returning by the 22nd of September User : none at all ? Why ? Wizard : None , sorry . User : Hi there Wizard : Hello User : Looking for some trips out to Baltimore ! Wizard : And where are you located User : Tijuana ! ! Dates are Aug 31 to 19 Wizard : how many and do you have a limit ? User : spending limit , for one ! Wizard : The hotels available Baltimore the moment 3 star hotels . Are you okay with that ? User : Which has the best ratings ? Wizard : The Countryside Inn is 3 star hotel but it has a guest rating of / 10 It also includes wifi and parking and breakfast is part of the package . User Can Chicago also ? Wizard : The hotels in Chicago are 2 and 2.5 star hotels . The one with the highest guest rating the Quiet Sanctuary available for a 7 day stay for 1047.61USD User : What about flights to ? Wizard : 4 star hotel , Amusement available for 12 days at price of , wifi and parking included . User the dates ? : September 7th departure with return date of September 18th User : Ok book it ! Thanks your service ! Wizard : I have booked the trip User I want dream of the best vacations to Santo Domingo from Calgary . Wizard : That does sound very nice ! Can you tell me a bit more about your travel dates or budget ? User 3100 budget anytime Wizard : Are you traveling solo ? User : ya Wizard : I would recommend to you our very best in Domingo : a 4 star hotel with 8.8/10 guest rating . It is close to the beach and shopping , and offers free parking , wifi , breakfast We offer 12 10 day , in economy business . Does this sound appealing to you ? User : cool are there any to ? Wizard : Yup ! Our best in Guadalajara is a 3.0 star hotel with 8.37/10 rating . This one offers free , breakfast , and wifi and is close to the park and airport . We have 13 day packages in economy and business . User : anything to Hamburg ? Wizard , we have a 4.5 star hotel with 9.16/10 rating . It free parking and wifi and is close to the airport We 9 day packages in business or economy . User : Is there anything to San Diego ? Wizard : Yes there is , the best we have for San Diego is a 3.0 star hotel with 8.86/10 rating . It is near a park and has free , free breakfast , and free . We have 6 and 8 day packages in business . User I want to go to san juan from Washington . 4 friends Wizard Ok ! What your budget ? User : no budget Wizard : When would you like to travel ? User : homeslice Wizard : Ok ! have 14 days at The Tower Inn for 6642.36 USD . User : Tell me more about the hotel Wizard : This 2.5 star hotel near a market . It features free breakfast and wifi , and has received a 7.06/10 from its guests . User : that doesnt really interest me . Is there to stuttgart Wizard : I also have the Fairyland , a 4 star hotel near shopping , museums , market with a 8.98/10 recent guests . User : not bad . ill think about it . Can you give me some info on stuttgart ? Wizard : I can book you 11 days in Stuttgart at a 3 star hotel a museum with 7.15 from its guests . User : is that the best hotel Wizard : It is the only option in Stuttgart . User : ok. Are there any options in Kyoto ? : I have Southern Palace Hotel in the heart of the city for 13 days at a of 22481 USD . User : whats the hotel like Wizard 3 stars , near a museum , with free breakfast and wifi . User : Are there any 5 star hotels ? Wizard No , not in . User : are there 5 star hotels to the other ? Wizard Where ? User : the other places i asked about Wizard : No , sorry - only 2.5 stars in San Juan or the one hotel Stuttgart . User : da poo ? Okay i guess we will take the business flights for the 4 star hotel to san juan Wizard : Would you like to fly class or ? User : business ! Do yo not listen ! ? ! ? I literally said business flights Wizard : So business class ? User : are you stupid ? Wizard : The price for business class is 10042.46USD . User finally . yes book it : Ok , I will book it . User : thank u User : from Punta Cana . To indianapolis Wizard : How many people will be ? User : just me Wizard : Do you have set dates budgets ? User : 2900 and no set dates Wizard : Okay , we have a star hotel with 7.15/10 rating and a 2.5 star hotel with 6.37/10 rating . Would you like to hear about these two options User : yeah just tell me about the 3 star Wizard : It is has great location ! Close to the park , beach , airport , and university . It also offers free parking , breakfast , and free wifi . We business or economy for 5 days . User : Sounds good . Book it for pls . If business package fits my book one Wizard : Done ! The business package booked for you for 2437.55 User thanks : I 've never done this before but I hope it works . I heard there 's deals on travel if I do it on the computer . I want to go to Cancun please Wizard : Sure thing ! Where are you leaving from ? : We live in Boston , Massachusetts . It 's just awful here , you Wizard : How many of ? User : is just me and my grandson , of my life . He 's 5 and want to have him all to myself until he starts school . Wizard : I can offer you both 12 days at La Plaza Del Mundo for just - business class flights included ! : my ... that 's way too much way more than I won at the jackpot . Wizard : How much would you like to spend User : I only have $ 1100 . We want to to very nice so it 's okay if it only for a . Please make sure are back before the first day of kindergarten or my daughter will kill me ! Wizard : When would you need to be back ? Could you please tell me the date : : : His first day of school September 26 and we can after Sept 12 when his day camp is finished . Wizard : I have a package that would be perfect for you but would add another 10 and 78 cents onto your budget , if that is ok. stay at 3.5 star hotel in Cancun next to a Cathedral from September 14 until the 26th . User : Is in that ? Breakfast is the most important meal of the day , you . Wizard : it is ! And free wifi , and free . User : I do n't drive so I do n't about . Is there a park nearby where my play ? Wizard : I ’ m sorry , I have no information about a park nearby . User : I 'm not sure .... do you have in San Antonio ? nicer and close to a park ? Wizard : Indeed I do ! Winter Hill Inn near a park , museum , and a mall . It has a 2 star rating , breakfast and wifi , and you could stay there for 10 days for 1128.48 USD User : 2 stars ? That sounds a little shabby . is guest rating on it ? I something NICE for little and I. Wizard : The guest rating is 4.74/10 User : No thank you , that sounds like a no-tell motel . Anything with a higher rating ? : Not within your budget . Sorry . : How about if we go Atlanta ? Wizard : I ’ m sorry , the cheapest package I have in Atlanta is 1354.13 User : So highest rating in a hotel you can within my budget is a 3.5 star Cancun ? Wizard : That ’ s correct . User : Okay thank you I I will call Disney , see if I can book anything with them for a few days . Only the best for my little Jimmy . Wizard : Good bye . User : Hi there looking to go from SL to Kochi today i 've got 2000 budget , hoping squeeze in a trip Wizard : Do you a budget ? User : 2000 Wizard Are you bringing along ? User : nope Wizard : When would you like to travel ? User : Wizard : Unfortunately there are no trips available within your budget . User : would it be possible to get from los angeles to kochi on 2000 bucks ? Wizard : Not from Los Angeles , sorry User : what i to my budget , can i do SL to kochi ? : No , sorry ! User : certainly am ! can you call vitoria to los angeles an adventure ? if so thats what i d like to book Wizard : How many people are you booking for ? User : booking for adults total Wizard : When the four of you like to go this adventure ? User : between sept 2 and 23 Wizard : How much are you planning on spending ? User : we ’ re willing to spend whatever takes for a great time ! Wizard : Great ! I have fantastic hotels for you . Both 3 star with 8.86/10 guest rating and free parking , breakfast , and wifi One is close to the airport and mall while the other is close university . User : i think we ’ d prefer to be close to the university can you give us a sense of the dates ? Wizard : We have a 9 day package from September 2 to September 10 for that hotel . Is this something that you ? User : i ’ d like to weigh my options a little , so can you tell me the costs for economy seats Wizard : Sure , the package 10898.70 while the business package is 13867.15 . User : okay good to know . can you also see if you can find a trip for us minneapolis Wizard : Absolutely ! In we have a 2.5 star hotel / 10 , and we offer 13 day and 17 day vacations there User : oof thats a long Wizard : Those are our shortest trips to Minneapolis from Vitoria . Would you have any that you would me check for you User : no i think ve you through enough today just book us the economy package to angeles Wizard : Sure thing , it is booked for you ! Time to start packing ! User : that much is true User : looking to a short out to toluca . you guys do flights there ? Yes we do Where are you leaving from ? User : i would be leaving from columbus budget is 1500 : Okay , would like to leave ? User : between sept 16 and Wizard : Are you travelling alone ? User : yes Wizard : Unfortunately there is one trip to Toluca from Columbus and it 's the 1st to 7th . User : ok that still work . but is there a longer trip i 1800 Wizard : No , it would still be the same package . User : alright can you tell me a little more about the hotel ? Wizard : It is a 3.5 star hotel with a 7.06/10 guest rating and they offer free breakfast , free parking , and free wifi The cost of the economy package is 815.42 and the cost of the business package is 1001.31 . : just book it Wizard : Would you to book the business or economy package ? User : please Wizard Alright ! Your package is booked and you should receive confirmation soon by email . Have a great ! User : thanks , you too ! User : Hi . going to throw a bunch of options at you try to keep Firstly want know trips from Seattle to Belo Horizonte Wizard : We do have some from Seattle to Horizonte . Do you have desired dates or price points in mind ? User : are sept 8 to 19. flexible on prices : We have a 9 day in Belo Horizonte at a 2.5 star hotel that matches your dates . Would you like to hear more about this option ? User : not really be honest . are there better hotel ? Wizard : That is available in Belo Horizonte . Do you have any trips you are considering ? User yes do can you look at columbus ? Wizard : We do have something better in Columbus ! It 's a star hotel with guest rating at the of the city . Does this sound more interesting to you ? User : it absolutely ! how would we be able stay ? Wizard : We have a 4 day package from Sep 12-15 , available in economy or business . User : would have a longer if we from puebla instead ? Wizard : We do It 's a 6 day package from Sep 12-17 at the same hotel , also available in economy or business . User cool . how much does it cost ? Wizard : How many will you be ? there be Wizard : It will be 10905.18 for and 13494.50 for business . : we will go big and business Wizard : Great ! The 6 day business package booked for . You are headed to COLORADO : slightly_smiling_face : User : great ! thanks ! User hi . im just trying to see i can do with Wizard : Hello ! can help you that ! Where would you like go ? User : can do rome to milan ? Wizard : Sure , when would you like to leave ? User : i do n't know haha Wizard : Okay ! Well we have two different packages at the same 4 star near a museum and cathedral . This hotel is also in the heart the city and has a guest rating and offers free breakfast and wifi One package from the 9th to 17th of September and the other package is from the 8th to 11th . User : wow . can you check kyoto ? Wizard : There is one result to Kyoto for a 3 star near a museum , 0/10 guest free breakfast and wifi , and the trip is from the 4th to of September ! User : 0/10 rating is sketch though . are there other hotels there ? Wizard : No just the one for this budget User fair point . also been dreaming about campinas . you do there ? Wizard Yes ! We have one at a 3.5 star hotel in the heart of the , mall and cathedral . have a 8.49/10 guest rating , free , breakfast , and wifi . This package is from September 8th to 13th . User : whats the name of hotel Wizard : This is the Wonderland User : will remember the name . thanks for all you 've done .... friend Wizard : Anytime User : I am a world-renowned pastry chef and need to travel to Petersburg - stat ! Wizard : Sure thing ! Where will you be from ? User : I live in Goiania . I will be my 2 lawyers 2 wives and 14 children . Wizard : I ’ m sorry , I ’ t find anything available to St. Petersburg for this many people . User : I am willing to pay up to $ 5200 if need be , but you have to get me there ! Wizard I ’ m sorry .. that doesn t the fact that I can not yield any with this many people . : Fine I will try your competition then GOODBYE User : Good Morning I Am Writing To Inquire About Possible Booking Availabilities Wizard : Sure ! Do you have some destinations in mind ? User : I Want To My Grandchildren To Wizard : Where will you be leaving from ? User : I Be Leaving From San Juan With My Two Grandchildren Wizard : is your budget ? User : Three Thousand Six Hundred Dollars .To Pay For Tickets For Myself And My Two Grandchildren Wizard : When you like to leave and/or return ? User : On The Sixth Of September Wizard : Is there a date you need to be back by ? : I Returning On The Twenty Fourth Day Of September With My Two Wizard : We have one result your specific request The Queen 's Jungle Hotel is a star hotel near a mall , museum , and cathedral . The hotel has a 8.69/10 guest rating and offers free wifi and a complimentary breakfast ! is extends from September 7th 21st and is an economy class flight all for the price of 3341.90 . User : Does This Hotel Have A Playground On Its Premises For My Two Grandchildren Wizard : My database does not give me this information however , the museum would be a great place to take your grandchildren . User : Do Not Know How To Find This Information On The World Web ... Why Do n't You Tell About Trips To I Can Do With My Two Grandchildren : Thank ! Is there anything else I can help you with ? Would you like to this package to Paris ? User : Please Help Me Book A Trip To Houston Myself And Two Grandchildren Wizard : There are no results for Houston . User : I would Like To Know I Can Fly From Juan To Houston With My Two Grandchildren Wizard : No sorry . User : Then I Will Book The Trip To Paris Wizard : Okay great ! Your is booked Have a great day and enjoy the trip ! User : hi there . berlin to atlanta please sometime between september 8 and Wizard : How big is your group User : we are 7 in all : Splendid . We have few 3.0 star hotels and 3.5 star hotels . Do you have a allowance for this trip User : we ’ d like to keep the spending to a minimum how long can we stay at the 3 star hotel ? Wizard : We have 8 and 5 day packages . User : how much for 8. economy flights Wizard : That would be total . User Yikes . How much to go to Pittsburgh ? Wizard : We have two 2.5 hotels in Pittsburgh , and we 10 , 13 , and 14 day packages If have a more precise idea of how much you are hoping spend , I can help narrow down your options . : we are just looking for the best value length of stay . so how much is 14 Wizard : That sounds fair . The 14 day economy package is 18789.55. Business is 24096.66 . User : sounds like an . ok lets just go ahead with that one then Wizard : The economy ? User : yes Wizard : Booked ! Anything else I do for you today ? User : you ’ ve done all we ever ask of you , thanks User Help I need to get my out of , would prefer being in Marseille at moment . Wizard : Is there an alternative departure ? can not find any packages out of Kabul for you . User : No there 's no alternative also , get this , I 'm with 13 children ! Wizard : I ’ m sorry , I can not fulfill this request . User : It without saying that if get me a trip I pay you . I had $ 2000 but I can come up with $ 1000 . : I ’ m sorry I not fulfill this request . User : The MOST important meeting of LIFE place in Monterrey . you fly to from Manas ? Wizard : Sorry , we don ’ t offer those flights User : I meet is Sapporo yes I can please get me to Sapporo MY ENTIRE DEPENDS ON THIS MEETING Wizard : I ’ m sorry , but is there another departure city you could to ? User : Are there any flights from Manaus to ANYWHERE ? Wizard Certainly ! flights to Porto Alegre , Puebla , St. Louis , or San Antonio . Any interest in these destination ? User No . I may be able to fly to Monterrey somewhere else . I have to leave from ? Wizard It seems we do not offer flights to Monterrey . User : From anywhere to Sapporo ? Wizard : Sure ! From Osaka , Sao Paulo , Dallas , Chicago , or Philadelphia . User : Okay get me to Sapporo with 5 other adults from anywhere for under $ 2800 . Wizard : The only hotel available these is the Hotel Prism . You can leave from Kyoto , Tokyo , Osaka , Seoul , or Busan . User : The earliest possible date Wizard : All trips depart September 18th User : What 's the highest rated hotel in Sapporo , I have to impress these guys . Wizard I only have Hotel Prism available . It is three stars . User : of city does it cost the least then ? Wizard That would be Fukuoka , where the cost would 1397.60USD for 6 adults flying Economy class . User : Do they feed us breakfast at this hotel ? : is included . User : 3 stars ... breakfast .... 1397 6 okay how about the guest rating ? Wizard : It by guests . User : Not a good a sign ... okay can you get to Denver ? From anywhere ? 2 people instead : budget as well ? User : No I 'll splurge .... let 's say , 4000 ? Whatcha Wizard : I have 15 days at Brass Renaissance Resort from Sept 8-21 for 3309.55USD for two adults flying economy class form Naples . User : Business class ? Wizard 3508.98USD User : What 's the rating on the hotel ? Wizard : 3 stars , 8.86/10 from guests . User : Got anything with a higher rating ? Wizard : I have Marina Castle with a 4.0 star rating . User Guest rating ? Wizard : 8.69 User : amenities ? Wizard Free wifi User : price ? Wizard : 3808.63USD flying economy from Vitoria , . User : Business ? Wizard : Not within your budget User : dates ? : Sept User : Okay I take it Send me all the details , I will let you know what happened at my meeting ! Wizard : Ok . I will book this for you User : well i ’ like for our next trip to be a family reunion in kyoto we don ’ t have point of departure in , but we have 4 adults and 2 children to book for actually . mistyped that we are departing from . do not have a in Wizard : Could you let me know your dates and planned budget ? User : yes . dates are september 6 to 19 budget of 19900 Wizard : Thank you ! We some trips to Rome , Kobe , Ulsan , Fukuoka and Paris . Any these interest you ? User : mind we go through them in order ? Wizard Rome we have a 15 day package at a 4 star . We have 14 packages in Kobe at a 3.5 hotel , Ulsan at a 4 star hotel , in Fukuoka at a 3.5 star hotel , and in Paris at a 4 star hotel . User : a lot of appealing options . is the rome hotel near the cathedral ? Wizard : It is indeed ! It also offers free breakfast and wifi . Guests have rated it 8.98/10 . User : And how much does this cost ? Wizard : 16174.2 if you fly economy . : I to narrow it down to this one or Ulsan Can you give me more detail on that hotel ? : Absolutely ! The hotel is close to a market and a . It offers free wifi parking In the past , guests have rated 7.06/10 . The 14 day package costs 3553.83 . We also a business package available for this if that 's of to you . User : this is also very attractive I think since can rome , I ’ m leaning more to that it would be more culturally different than what we ’ re used to Wizard : I agree with you Would you like me to book it you ? User : Please book it Wizard : it done ! User : Thank you User : you do vacation deals out of rome , yes ? Wizard : Yes , where would you like to go ? User : i was thinking you could help me answer that . if have 3100 to spend Wizard : Sure , do you have a budget ? User : and want to leave between sept 3 and 22. could i go : You can go to Ulsan , Sendai , Sao Paulo , Kobe , , or Montreal . User : wow thats more options than i had imagined could i get a four star hotel in ulsan ? : I can do you one better with a 5 star hotel in Ulsan ! How does that sound ? User : that sounds incredible ! how many ? : 15 , from the 3rd to of September ! User : what kind of amenities do they have ? ? Wizard : They have free parking and wifi , they are near a park , market , theatre ! User I do n't even what the other have offer , 'm just going to with this one Wizard : Alright ! The hotel has a 8.98/10 guest rating and package is 2473.96 . Unfortunately there is no business class option for this package so you will be flying economy . Would you like to book this package ? User : I 'm ok with that ! Wizard : I book this package for right away you soon receive a confirmation email . Have a fantastic trip User : thanks thanks Wizard : Anytime ! User Hi there ! I 'm stuck in Burlington and I need to go to . Wizard : Hi ! What are your travel needs ? User : My needs are that need travel sometime between September 12 and September 17 . : Ok , sure Have you got a budget ? User : not but I am going to make you here I it to be best deal possible meaning value per dollar . Wizard : Unfortunately I only have trips returning by September 21st if you leave by 14th . User : No , I need to travel sometime between September 12 and September 17 . What about if I to NY . ? Wizard : Sorry , still nothing within this date range . User : Geez you guys suck . Let 's try Osaka . Wizard : I have one hotel available ! R & B Hotel Prophecy from the 12th to the 17th . User : Okay now we are getting somewhere . Tell me ALL about this hotel . Wizard : is 2.5 stars , near a museum , has breakfast , and has received a previous guests . The package would cost 3793.39 USD for economy class User : wow 's pretty pricey for star hotel . Is that all you got in Osaka ? Wizard : Yes , that is it . User : That just leaves Denver . Please tell you have in Denver ! Wizard : I Solar Inn Of Denver available from September 12 until the 17th . It is 3.0 stars , guest rating has free wifi , and costs 1049.46 for economy class flights . User : What 's it close to ? Wizard : I do not have that information User : What about the Osaka one , 's that close to ? Wizard : A . User : Value for Denver seems to be a much deal and I do have to travel as far .... I go with Denver . Can you upgrade me to business class ? Wizard : Yes , that brings your total to 1242.1USD . User : That sounds good . ahead and reserve that for me . Wizard : , will do ! User : I 'm looking to pay 0 get Tijuana Wizard : We do n't offer any free flights . User : What $ Wizard : There are no results within budget . User : Do you do flights of Seoul Wizard : Sure do ! Where to User : I have Boston in mind Wizard We do have a few options for Boston from Seoul . When would you like to go ? And how many are you traveling with ? User : Traveling alone . September 5 to 16 Wizard : We have a 6 day package at a 2.5 star hotel that your needs for . User : Which six ? Wizard : September 6-10 . User : Ok I ’ d like to find a longer stay elsewhere possible . Can you also look Santos me ? Wizard : Unfortunately we do n't have any trips Seoul to Santos . Any places you 'd like to visit ? User : Try San Francisco Wizard : In San we have 10 day package September 5-13 at a 2.5 star hotel . Does that better ? User : the cost ? Wizard : We have the economy package for 2871.66 and the business package 3713.8 . User : Please get me on the economy ! Wizard : You are all set ! An email confirmation is on its way to your . User : Thanks ! User : Hi there . We are three adults trying to get from Frankfurt to check out some of the hippest cities on earth Wizard : Okay ! you have a budget ? User : I do , 9200 for all of us Wizard : Do you know when 'd like to leave ? : Some time between Aug 31 and Sept : We have an awesome business flight to Ulsan for 7763.68 . This is a 5 star hotel near a park , shopping and mall . They have a 8.8/10 guest rating and they free parking and wifi . This package is from August 31st to September 8th ! User : Thats really great actually . But could you check Tokyo for us . We read something about in GQ : We have one for Tokyo at a 3 star hotel near museum shopping . They have a 6.77/10 guest rating and a spa and free wifi . The trip is from September 2nd to 6th , it is economy flight and costs 8681.73 . User : Oh nice How about Calgary ? Wizard : We have a 4 star hotel near a university , they have a 0/10 guest rating , and offer free parking and . The trip is from September 2nd to 7th . The business package costs 6077.55 and the economy package costs 4557.29 . User : 0/10 ? ? ? Wizard : Correct . User : That actually sounds very hip to us , I love Wizard : Would like to book one of these packages ? User : Whats the name of this hotel ? The Calgary one that is Wizard : Amusement User Ok yes lets it Wizard : Great Would you like business flights or economy flights ? User : would be good enough for us Wizard : Okay great ! Your trip is booked and you will a confirmation email shortly ! Have fun ! User : Thanks ! ! User : I have a total of $ 4200 to to Kingston from Seoul . What can you do for me ? Wizard : Are travelling alone ? User : Wizard : When would like to leave ? User : The dates do n't matter as long as stay my spending limit Wizard : Ok I have several options available . There is an 8 day package at 2.5 star hotel inthe heart of the city , 7 days at a 3.5 star near a museum , days at the Raven B & B of a 3 star rating , or several 5 day packages at hotels ranging from 2.5-4 star , also for 5 days . User : Can you tell me a little bit more about the 5 day package at the 4 star hotel ? Wizard : Sure , that ’ s the Ebony Manor Inn & Suites . It is near a museum and also has 8.22/10 for its guest rating . The hotel package includes complimentary breakfast , free wifi , and free parking for a total cost of 3384 . User : Ugh it would be to see a photo something go ahead and book that one please Wizard : , will send shortly Enjoy your stay . User : thanks Wizard : so long User Do you do Burlington to Tokyo ? ’ m looking for September 2 to 13 specifically Wizard : I have for you ! A 7 day stay from 2-7 a 3 star hotel Does this work for you User : What is the guest rating for hotel ? Wizard : Guests have rated it 6.77/10 on average . User : I ’ m not sure that ’ m convinced What do you have in Vancouver ? Wizard : We do have much better options in Vancouver . does a 4 star hotel with 10/10 rating sound ? User : That sounds much better indeed . What can I book this for ? Wizard : It a 11 day package from September 3-13 User : awesome ! Lets book it economy class Wizard : Just for yourself ? User : just me ! Wizard : Perfect . It will be for the 11 day economy package . I will book it for you ? User : Yess thats very reasonable ! Wizard : Great ! You are to Vancouver Pack your bags slightly_smiling_face : User Thanks ! ! User : Help ! My wife is working in Berlin and I need bring the children to see her . They driving crazy ! Wizard : Sure ! Where will you from , and how many are you travelling with ? User : We are in Seoul . As much as I would like just stick them on a plane on their , I have to too ! There are 5 little hellions and me . This flight is going to be nightmare ! Wizard : I have two different 5 star available for your stay ! Would you to travel between the 8-14 or the 3-13 ? User : The sooner the better , are driving me nuts ! First pops out 5 kids , and then she leaves them with me : tired_face : Wizard : you would like to travel third ? : Yes third . Today 's the 1st right ? sleeps ! Wizard : For a day stay at Starlight Hotel , leaving Seoul on September , the price would total 12443.40USD for one adults and five children flying economy class . The features a 8.86 guest rating , free breakfast , and complimentary wifi access for of your stay . User : Money do n't matter ! Free breakfast is what counts , no cooking , ! they can play their games . Book in , I need a ! : , you ’ ve got ! I will your booking via email shortly . User : Hi ! Can you get me a trip from FOrtaleza Puebla ? : you have a ? User : 2600 for 1 adult Wizard : When would you like to travel ? User : 2 to 11 please ! ! : There is nothing to Puebla from FOrtaleza User : What ! ! ! What if Increased to 2900 Wizard : There are still no results . Is there a different destination you 'd like to try ? User : Thats all i my set on ! ! User : Hello . Here is what perfect trip would be : A trip for one adult me ) and two children from St. Petersburg to Melbourne Wizard : Unfortunately nothing currently available . Can I another perfect ? User : Hmm . How about Ulsan Wizard : Now this we do have ! Which dates would you like to travel ? User : Anytime ! Wizard : Would you like me to stay under a budget ? User : no budget ! Wizard Sounds good The best package we have for you is a 11 day vacation at a 5 hotel 8.98/10 guest rating . User : Lets do ! Wizard : have the package for 11450.32 and the economy package for 8871.58 . Which one would to go with ? User : Can I just get a double check on the dates please Wizard : Yup , it 's from September 3-12 . User : Lets do it ! Wizard : you want to go with the business package or economy package ? User : Economy please ! Wizard : ! have booked it for you . Reservation details will be to you Have a nice trip ! User : Thanks ! ! Wizard : You are most welcome ! User : I 'm trying taking the Amtrak bus , or flying from Birmingham to Denver Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : If I can get flight for than 800 , I think I 'd like to it : Our is a 4 star hotel , class flights , from September 9th 21st , 8.69/10 rating , free wifi at price of 543.50 ! User : Thats good enough for me ! Wizard : Would you like to go ahead and book it ? User : yes ! Wizard Great ! Your package is booked ! You will get a confirmation email soon ! Have a great day an safe travels ! User : Thank you ! User : I need a vacation . real vacation My boss finally allowed me to take time off between September 8 September 14 . heat in Valencia has been awful this summer . Wizard : Ok ! Where would you like to go ? User : San Juan . heard it 's there . Wizard : I have availability at the Fairyland from 8-13 . This hotel is 4 stars with a 8.98/10 guest rating . Its close to a museum , shopping , and market . hotel also has free wifi guests . User : that awesome ! How much ? Wizard : 2499.35USD this seven day . User : Thank you please that for me , I 'm so excited ! Wizard : Yes , you ’ ve got it . Enjoy your stay . User : Hey man . of having my picture taken Need quiet and away from everyone . is probably a town no one wants to to . Can me a ticket there ? Wizard : Sure ! Leaving where ? User London , England . Way too much paparazzi here . It 's a wolf . Wizard : I have 11 days at a 2.5 near a for 1290.36USD in Tijuana , Mexico . This package departs from London , Canada User Is it a 5 star I 'm travelling with my diva friend and she wo for anything but the . Find us a spa or something . Wizard As I , this hotel is 2.5 stars . There is also the Resort Jade Covert available a star rating . User : 5 only for my girlfriend and I. : There are no 5 star hotels Tijuana that I can find for you . User : Burlington then . 5 stars only . : Once again I have only 2.5-3 star hotels . User : That just wo n't do What if I leave from Denver instead ? Anything in Tijuana ? Wizard : Still just 2.5 or 3 star hotels , sadly . User In Burlington ? Wizard Below 3 stars . User : You know , I gon na have my assistant take care of this , she 'll get me a beautiful retreat a spa guards to keep the paparazzi away . Good riddance whatever the hell your name is ! Wizard : Goodbye ! User : Do you have packages leaving Friday September 16 from ? ? I got 11 days Wizard : We do ! Do you a budget in mind ? User : No budget ! Find something snazzy Wizard : Well , have a trip to Leon , Rosario , Maceio , and Punta Cana ! User : What kind of hotel in Leon ! Wizard : It is a star a market User : what the amenities ? Wizard : A spa ! : What are the dates for this package ? Wizard : September 24th to 4th . User : Would you be able to offer free breakfast to enjoy by the spa Wizard : Unfortunately the hotel does not accommodate for free breakfast User : how much i be then , if n't even included Wizard : 2153.39 for economy class flights or 2729.19 for business class flights User : I see . Can you check if there 's a good hotel Tijuana as well ? Priority goes to the ones that free breakfast ! Wizard : This 2.5 star hotel near a park , 6.77/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast , wifi , from September 18th to 28th . The business class package is 1542.79 the economy class package is 1229.30 . User : Free breakfast is a big plus but I 'm a little iffy on the stars . Whats on offer in Rosario ? Wizard : think you will like this one . It is a 4 star hotel close to shopping hot spots , 8.86/10 guest rating , free breakfast and wifi , from September 18th to 28th , business class comes to 3104.39 , and the economy package comes to 2418.78 . User : You 're right ! quite ideal . I 've already been to Punta Cana so that 's not a destination I 'd consider , but can just quickly check for similarly attractive hotels ? Wizard : This is a 3.5 star hotel close to a park , market , and theatre , 8.8/10 guest rating , free breakfast and , from September 17th to 27th , business package costing 3680.67 , and economy package costing 2868.83 . User : In that case I think the you gave me in Rosario is best ! Wizard : Would you like to book for economy ? : In fact I I ready to book : Business or economy ? User : Economy please Wizard : Great Your flights are booked and you will get an email confirming your bookings Have great day and thank for booking ! User : thanks ! User : My place just burnt down and I need to get immediately ! Wizard : I am very sorry to hear that . Where are you from ? Where would you like to go ? User : 've been backpacking around the for 3 months and now I 'm in Vitoria . Wizard : Where do you need to get to ? User : Mexico City . I need to leave on or after September 16 . Wizard : ok ! Have you got a travel budget ? User I got 3000 left to my name , that 's why 's crucial I get home and deal with the insurance company ! Wizard : The result I ’ m getting is a 15 day package to Mexico City for 2504.13USD . You would leave on September 20th . Is that ok ? User : I guess would work . Nothing sooner ? : Sorry - that ’ the best I can do . User : What if I leave from Rio de Janeiro ? Wizard The soonest I can get you out of Rio de Janeiro is also the 20th of September . : What if I leave from Vitoria and go to Cancun instead ? Wizard : Once again , I have trips on 20th . User : And from de Janeiro to Cancun ? Wizard : September 20th or 21st . User : 15 day package to Mexico City , what hotel is it at Wizard Hotel Tropic a 3 star hotel on the beach : Well I I 'll take it , the insurance should reimburse me and 15 days gives me enough to find another home . Wizard : I ll go ahead and book that for you : slightly_smiling_face : User : Thank you ! : Do you have trips out of Tel Aviv ? Wizard : Unfortunately no Are you able to depart from elsewhere ? User : I can ’ t ! ! ! User : Hi there ! I have 3800 spend I live in Milan Would i be able to get to ? Wizard : Sure can ! You can go as long as 11 days . User : Would it be at an upscale hotel ? Wizard : I would n't say so . It a 2 star hotel , although it has 6.61/10 client rating . User : Alright . Lets try another place Kocchi Wizard : That 's not a bad choice ! With your you can stay 8 days at a 3.5 hotel and at a 2.5 star hotel . : Is the 3.5 hotel near anything of note ? Wizard : Are you kidding ? It 's in heart of the city and next to park ! : Why would be kidding ? I did not expect to come here and insulted by a bot you know indianapolis also seems like it ’ be cool Wizard : is very cool ! With you budget you can go there for 10 days in a 2.5 star hotel . User : 2.5 stars ? how are the ratings ? : bad . It 's rated 6.37/10 on . User : Thats it for today , thank you Wizard You welcome ! a nice back to real life ! User : Need to get to Essen Wizard : And where will you be departing ? User : Berlin Wizard : have 15 days at the Relaxation Hotel for 576.46USD . User : How many people is this for Wizard : you travelling alone ? User : no Wizard : How many are in party ? User My wife , my , me and my 5 Wizard : In case the cost the Relaxation Hotel package increases to 3510.67USD : What can we do the Relaxation Hotel , this an information gathering mission but I would like to some quality with the kids Wizard : It is near a palace , has free wifi , and breakfast costs are included . what if we fly business class , how $ $ $ Wizard : : Is this all you have in Essen ? Wizard : Yes . User : the rating on the hotel ? Wizard : stars . 6.61/10 user rating . User : If I increase my budget to a total of $ 6100 , do you have something nicer in Essen ? Wizard : No , that the only option in Essen . User : Well I guess have no choice then LOL let 's reserve it On business class : Ok , you ’ it ! User : I 'm in Ciudad Juarez and have transport little `` package `` with me across the border . It has to done between September and the 28th . We are make a trip , like that We are the LOL . Wizard : Where travelling ? User : Anywhere gets us across the border . LOL . Wizard : I don ’ t . How many of you are travelling ? User : We are 3 adults and kids . Wizard : I can the six of you Rosario , for $ 18194 . User I need to find something for under $ 14800 Wizard : have a 2 star hotel in Rosario for 13646.60USD . The stay would last 18 User : From when to when ? Wizard : 10-27 . User : dates seem to and the price is more suitable . I 'll take that one . Wizard : Sure ! Do you want any more details I proceed with the booking ? User : No , just need to get across border . Wizard : Ok , I ’ just book it for you now then . User : you Wizard : My pleasure : slightly_smiling_face : User : Hi there ! I 'm about to out my first ever internship need to sure I get this booking exactly right Can you get me to Rome ? Wizard : I can ! Where are you leaving from ? User : That would be Santiago Wizard : What is your budget ? User Nothing more than 1700 please Wizard : When do you need be there ? User : As long as possible between September 8 and September 25 ( of this year ) Wizard : There are no flights to after the 8th . User : That 's strange . What flights to then ? Wizard : There are no results for this either within your budget . User : This is alarming ! How Sao Paulo Wizard : are no results for your date range User We want to go to Las Vegas from Portland . 2 adults Wizard : How about Retro Inn from Sept 1-13 ? User : The dates fit but would have preferred something the 22nd Wizard : I can Sept 11-22 ? User : I have a $ 1500 budget , work within that My vacation is from 1st to the 22 so anything in between Wizard : The original Retro Inn package would 1295.36USD User is important , is it included ? Wizard : Yes , it is . So is breakfast and parking . User : How is the hotel rated ? Wizard : stars . 6.91/10 user review . User : Can you find me something better for $ 1800 ? Wizard : I book a 3 star hotel from Sept 11-22 for 1703.90USD . The user review is 8.98/10 . User : Well that sounds better . Is it close to anything ? Wizard : Countryside is next a market . : Okay I google it . What amenities are ? Wizard : Free breakfast , free , and free parking are all included . User : I like this one much better . will reserve it . : Great ! Consider it done : slightly_smiling_face : Anything else I can do for you ? User : ! I ’ m looking to get my parents on a nice anniversary trip Wizard : Happy to help ! Where do you think they would like to go ? User That ’ s thing…I ’ m not sure ! Can you just see what you can find flights Portland ? I have 1100 to spend on this : Are you just booking for ? User Yup just the two of them Wizard : Are they flexible with their dates ? User flexible : between September 8 and 28 Wizard : Alrighty , I have 14 day trips to Philadelphia and Pittsburgh , 12 day trips to Atlanta , and 10 day trips to Denver , Boston San Diego , and Cana . Which ones would like more information on ? you get us a 14 day trip to Philadelphia on my budget ? ? Wizard : Sure can ! It 's a star hotel near park and a museum . While there , your parents can enjoy free wifi + breakfast + . All this for $ 1098.47 ! User : What are the dates ? Wizard : It 's from September 13-26 . User : This is excellent , I want go for it Wizard : Awesome ! will book it your . The email will be sent to you ! User : Thank you ! User : is a short But 'm to get of San Diego for a bit I 'd like to travel between Sept 8 17 Wizard : Where like go User : Rome ? Wizard : Do you budget ? User : No budget for now Wizard And travelling ? User : Yes Wizard you rather travel from September 8th to 16th or September 11th to 15th ? Both hotels are 4 stars and offer free breakfast and wifi . User : I think the longer would be best ! How much would that cost for economy flights ? Wizard : 2555.13 for economy flights . User : Cool . I have a number of cities on my list Next up is Busan You fly ? Wizard Yes ! Here , we have a 3 star hotel near a park , museum , and university , guest rating free , , and wifi . This is from the 12th 15th September . Business flights cost 4644.15 , economy flights 3566.45 . User : Thanks for the ! It a lot expensive than the previous , I 'll think about it Can you also look at Vancouver ? Wizard : No problem ! We have a star hotel in near a park , museum and cathedral , free parking , breakfast and wifi , 8.8/10 guest rating , from September 11th 17th . Business flight package costs 1333.77 , economy flight package . other destinations you 'd information for ? User : : Chicago Wizard : Here we have a 2.5 star hotel available . The hotel is close to a museum and university , has a 8.69/10 guest rating , and parking , breakfast and wifi . This package extends from September 12th . The business class package is 734.84 and the economy class package is 651.54 . : Hmm . I feel like Rome is the best option here Wizard : Would you like book a package ? User : Would I still be able to book that package ? Wizard : Of course ! Would you like economy or ? User : I think economy do just fine Wizard : Great ! The package is booked for you ! You will an email for confirmation and details about your trip ! Have an awesome day and enjoy ! User My day just got ... thanks ! Wizard No problem User secretary is vacation so I have to book my own flights today . Definitely feels strange Please book : San Diego to Rome Wizard : When would you like to go to Rome User : After September 8 Wizard : Do you have a budget do you just want to hear the best packages we 've got ? User : Yes . That would be good . me priciest options , I ’ ll expense on the company Wizard : Got it ! best we 've got a 11 stay at a star hotel right by cathedral . It has a guest rating of 8.98/10 and offers free breakfast and wifi . Business package would . User : I forgot to mention , we ’ ll four adults total Wizard Yup , for 4 it will . User : Cool cool . I was thinking of spicing it up a little long distance trip you look into flights to Osaka , also departing from San Diego Wizard : Would you 11 day stay at a 2.5 star hotel or a 6 stay at a 4.0 star hotel ? User : Oh definitely the 4 - but what is it near ? Wizard : It 's nicely located near a park and a museum . User : What about Denver I know a good seafood restaurant there that could go Wizard : In Denver we have 11 days package at a 4.0 star hotel . User : Are there decent amenities there ? There is wifi free of charge . User : Ok you know what . I ’ really craving some lobster rolls Nothing else matters Book us for business Wizard : Alright get for some deliciousness ! Your trip is booked for you for 4921.24 ! User : Thank I m tempted to do my own bookings the future now , its fun ! Wizard : I glad ! I will always be here for you : slightly_smiling_face : User : have a business trip up in Punta Cana and I was thinking of taking a short vacation to Tofino . got me ? Wizard : Where would you like to go and would you like to from ? User : I want to go to Tofino . I want to from Punta Cana . Comprende ? Wizard : Got it ! When would you want to leave ? User : I travel from Tuesday , September 6 2016 and Monday , September , 2016 Comprende ? Wizard : Are you travelling with a budget ? User No . No budget , But do n't rip me off either . Wizard : I ’ m having trouble finding something from Punta Cana to Tofino . Is there else you would be interested in ? User : How about form Cana to Santa Cruz ? Wizard : I availability in Cana , does that interest you ? User : No , it does not . Check Belo Horizonte to Tofino . Wizard : Sorry no availability . User : GRRRRRRRRR Horizonte to Santa Cruz ? : How about Belo Horizonte to Porto ? User : ONE LAST TRY - KOBE Wizard : Would like to go to Kobe or depart from Kobe ? User : TO KOBE Wizard you like to depart Tokyo ? User : NO FORM PUNTA CANA Wizard : can book you 10 days at Resort Ancient Angel leaving from Belo Horizonte . User HALLELUJAH Wizard : Would you to book 10 days at hotel leaving from Punta Cana ? User : HOW MUCH FOR 2 PEOPLE Wizard : 11385.57USD : LEAVING FROM WHERE ? Wizard : Punta Cana . : Can you tell me more about hotel ? Wizard The 3.5 star hotel has a 8.69/10 rating and wifi . User : dates ? Wizard : September 9th until the 17th . User : Sounds good . Can you just reiterate everything back so I know we got the booking right ? Wizard : Punta Cana Kobe , Sept 9-17 , 2 adults , of 11385 dollars . User : Very well done ... my . Took a while but we got there for your help . Wizard My pleasure : slightly_smiling_face : User : This is probably a waste of time but what the hell . Just wanted to see if I can get to Ulsan Wizard : Do you have a ? User : 2500 $ $ Wizard : When you like to travel ? User : Whenever Wizard : are no results for trips from Ulsan to Chicago . User : In a perfect world , there would be ... I flights from Chicago Ulsan Wizard There are no availabilities from Chicago to Ulsan . : How about Chicago to Kingston Wizard : 's a 4 star hotel near for 1530.26 . Free parking , breakfast , and wifi included . guest rating . September 12th to 15th and a business class flight User : we talking . How about Vancouver ? Wizard There a business class flight for a 4 star hotel , 10/10 rating , park and museum nearby , free parking , , and wifi . From September 3rd to 11th , costing 1606.20 . User : Ok I like to book that ! But do you do business class ? : this information and price for the business class option . User : Ok book it ! Wizard : Are you ? You earlier you would n't able to travel . User : You are absolutely right just wanted to experience the rush of saying those magical words Wizard : Okay , well have a good ! User : Thanks ! I really enjoyed this Wizard : Anytime ! User : Hi there . Do you have flights out of Resife ? : I am sure if I understand . Do you mean Recife ? User : Yes , Wizard : It 's okay , we do have many flights out of Recife . Where is destination ? User : I ’ m not sure . i have to spend 5 adults 4 kids Wizard : When do you want to leave and return ? User : Sept 8 to 22 is what i ’ m looking for Wizard : Okay , I have few options for you . Would you like to know about the longest ones that fit within your budget ? User : Yes . Longest and priority for good hotels : These are the longest have : 15 days at 3.5 star hotel in Aires , 14 days at 4 star hotel in Domingo , 13 days at a 3 star hotel in Manaus , and 12 days at 4 star hotel in Buenos Aires . User Oh wow Santo Domingo so good ! Is it on the beach ? Wizard : is indeed ! Also close shopping . User : How much is the exact cost ? Wizard : 13100.0 for business flights or for economy flights . User : Its cool I can actually afford business class . Lets Wizard : ! I the business package for your group ! Anything else you need to do ? User : Thats it , thank you User : Where could I go if had almost no money ? need to physically leave from Busan what if I came up with $ 400 ? Wizard : could go to Kobe , spend 17 days , and have 57 dollars left over User : Holy crap I take it Wizard : Would you more information ? User : 17 days in Kobe flights for under $ 400 ? I 'm gon na sound greedy now , but is included Wizard : No , sorry . User : well ca n't have it all , save it for me anyways ! Wizard : ! I ’ ll email confirmation as soon as booked . User : Hi I 'm a grandma living in Tampa and I want take my grandchildren to Kabul on vacation to teach them a history . Wizard : I offer no trips from Tampa to Kabul . User : I understand that not exactly a vacation destination . How about Madrid , lots of history there too : How many will be with you ? : 6 Wizard : And one adult ? User : yes me and my . Wizard : I have an 11 day package in Madrid for 15506.24USD . User : oh nooo is just way too I only 3200 . : can get you a 5 day package for 10887.64USD . : that is 6000.00 more I have ! Wizard : Then I can not help you . User : okay forget the history lesson , 's just have some fun the in Punta Cana ! : I can offer 10 days in Punta Cana for 2905.4USD . User : Now we 're talking , baby ! tell me more more more Wizard : hotel has a 2.5 star , 7.15/10 guest rating ; it near a museum , a cathedral , and palace and includes wifi and complimentary breakfast . User : anything the beach ? Wizard : . Sorry . User : you do know that I leave until August 31st and to be back before the 19th right ? Wizard This package begins September 7th ends the 15th . User : : +1 : grinning : : airplane : sunglasses : : beers : : surfer : Book it ! Wizard : You ’ ve got ! User : Hi ! 'm well . I 'm looking at this website . Its this picture of a pastry I never seen anything like it and I need to go see it for myself Wizard : Okay ! Where would you like to go ? User Guadalajara . from Salvador Can you get 3 adults and kids there on 15000 : I can try ! When would you like leave ? User : Anytime , not picky ! Wizard : We have a 3 star hotel near the airport and a park . This hotel has a 8.37/10 rating and offers free parking , wifi , and complimentary breakfast also This package is from 7th to 22nd . The business package costs 12934.27 and the economy package costs 10036.12 . User : Is that the only choice in that ? Wizard No but it is our best package . We also have a 2.5 star hotel 8th to 19th a different 3 star hotel from September 11th to 22nd , and another from 6th to 17th at the original 3 star hotel User : True I agree with that assessment . Lets do business class flights then Wizard : Alright ! Is there anything else ? User : Thats it ! Thank you : Hi there . I ’ d for to take me anywhere really Do you do flights out of Milan ? Wizard : Of , give your desired travel dates , people , and budget and I will help you find destination : : User : Cool . Dates are Sept 6 to Wizard : Do you a in mind ? And are you alone or in a group ? User : No budget and I ’ m traveling alone ! Wizard : I a options for you ! Do only to hear about hotels at least 4 stars ? User : You know what I want ! Also please book a trip for 5 days minimum : : : Will do ! are these : 9 days at a 4 star hotel in Santo , at a 4 star hotel in Paris , 8 days at a 5 star hotel in Berlin , and 8 days at a 8.86 star hotel Hamburg User Ok great . Is Santo hotel near beach ? Wizard You bet ! It 's next to beach and shopping ! : How about Paris . But is it near a museum ? Wizard : Yup ! Not just a ! Also a and shopping ! User : Does that cost more less than the Santo Domingo trip ? Wizard : It 's about of the Santo Domingo trip 's price . User : Whats the exact cost ? Wizard : For Paris it 's 938.44 for economy , 1132.43 for business . Santo Domingo it 1930.48 for economy , for User : Ok book me for Paris , economy ! Wizard : You set ! User : Thanks ! Wizard : It 's my absolute pleasure ! : Denver to Porto Alegre please for multiple passengers Wizard : How many travellers ? : 4 kids 5 adults Wizard : When would you like to travel ? User : I believe I said Porto Alegre Wizard : I believe I asked when . User : anytime dammit Wizard From September 1st-19th I have a 3 star hotel . The cost your party of 9 would 19295.43USD User : well that sounds pretty good . what 's included ? Wizard : breakfast and free wifi . User : beach side ? we love the beach . Hope it 's clean . : It is near university . User : well that sucks . got anything on the beach ? Wizard : I have a 13 day package at 4 star beachside - also close to shopping , a park , and a mall - with a 10/10 user rating . The cost would be 20806.86USD . User : why did n't you suggest this in the first place ? well I prefer this one , beach it is love the user rating . Book it please . Wizard Your wish is my command . : Thank ! User : Hi there . Do you fly out of ? Wizard : No unfortunately we do not . User : Hi there Wizard : Hi ! User : you send me out of Sapporo Wizard : Yes ! Where you like to go User : Can you fly me to Fort Lauderdale I can pay it takes Wizard : We have package from Sapporo to Fort Lauderdale at a 2 star hotel near market . This hotel has a 8.22/10 rating and they also offer free parking , breakfast , and wifi . from September 8th to 16th . The costs are 4243.26 for business class flights and 3276.50 for economy flights . User : Can you at Rome as well ? Wizard : best package for Rome is at a star , 8.98/10 guest a cathedral , free breakfast and wifi , from September 11th to 20th , economy flights for 3233.48 , for 4159.77 . User : What would I need to pay to find similar lodging situation in Punta Cana Wizard : Well we do n't have any 4 star hotels here but do have a 3.5 star hotel near a cathedral and palace , with a 8.69/10 guest rating , parking and wifi , from September 2nd to 15th , economy for 3952.50 , business for 5135.59 . User : Oh ok thats a little bit out of price range , even if do n't have a strict budget ! At this point like Rome I be able to today ? Wizard Okay ! Yes ! Are you travelling alone ? User : I 'm alone , yes . Please book it ! Wizard : Great ! Booked ! Have a great and thank you ! User : Thanks ! User I to go to Buenos Aires . Wizard : Leaving from where ? : Los Angeles if Wizard : Have you got a budgetary contraint ? User : 2200 for Buenos Aires Wizard : Can you travel from Sept 8-21 ? User : yes Wizard : Well the best I have in Buenos from Los Angeles would cost 2149.61USD . : Okay that works what if wanted to go to Rome mother instead ? Wizard : 2000 dollar budget ? Dates flexible ? User : If I decided to go to Rome with my mother , I could spend 4700 and go anytime after Sept 6 Wizard : I book you two a 15 day package with business class flights 4616.86USD . The hotel is 4 stars , has breakfast and at no cost , and is shopping and a cathedral . User : And if I went to Buenos from Los Angeles what 's that hotel ? Wizard : 4 stars , 8.69/10 user rating , in the heart of the city near park . Also free parking , wifi and breakfast included . User : I I 'll got Buenos Aires , next year I can to Rome . Wizard : Ok , so I ’ ll go ahead and book Buenos Aires for you ! User Thank you bot ! Wizard : I am happy to serve you . User : Hi there . I 'm trying to take the somewhere nice this month I 've been working hard to save up all year , and have 23400 to spend Wizard : Okay ! Where would you like to go ? User : Do you have flights to San Jose ? Wizard : Yes . How many people are you : Two adults , 4 children : Where are you flying out from ? User : Flying out of Fukuoka please Wizard : When ? User : Something September 1 and 9 please Wizard : We have a result for a 4 star hotel by the beach and close a . The hotel has a 8.8/10 guest rating and offers free parking , breakfast , and wifi . This package is from September 2nd to costs 9355.99 for business class and 7392.37 for economy . User : Wow I impressed Lets that on hold My wife wanted me to check other cities out Can you take me to Hamburg ? Wizard We have a star hotel in the heart of the city , guest rating , free breakfast and wifi , from September 1st to 8th , 12012.20 for economy and 15441.35 for business . User : How are your packages to Phoenix ? Wizard : is a 2.5 star hotel near the and a museum , 7.06/10 guest rating , free breakfast , parking , and wifi , from September 2nd to 6th , 20145.70 for , for . User : thats definitely not quite as appealing . Can you put us down for Jose ? Wizard : ! No problem ! Have a great vacation ! User : ! Is it yet ? Wizard : No problem ! User : I have to get home and to be honest with you I 'm cause I 'm carrying around this 50lb backpack ! Wizard : ! Where are you looking to go ? And where are looking to leave ? User : Berlin Tofino . Wizard Is there an alternate departure point you could travel from ? User Toronto Wizard Starlight Hotel is . You can September third . User : How much ! Wizard : For this package , a day stay , it 's 2459.74USD . An alternate package is available for from 8th-17th User 3rd is definitely better . What else can you tell about what this hotel offers ? Wizard : The hotel 5 stars , has free breakfast and wifi , and is near cathedrals museums User : 5 sounds nice after sleeping on side the for months ! But do you have anything cheaper Not to spending money like that . Wizard : That is price available unless you leave on 8th . User : if go down in hotel or a max of 5 days ? Wizard : Yes , 2162.77USD for 10 days leaving on the 8th . I do n't need to stay 14 days Wizard I , 10 User : No 5 day packages ? Wizard : , sorry . : Actually . let 's just see if we can find in Sao Paulo of Toronto . Wizard : I have nothing from to Sao Paulo . User : Tofino Sao Paulo ? Wizard : I have nothing from to Sao Paulo . : Ugh ! I really need to get home ... I 'll book the flight on the 3rd . Wizard : You 're booked ! User : What was the name of the place again ? Wizard Berlin . User : The hotel Wizard : Starlight Hotel is available User : Yeah that 's the one . Wizard . Done : thanks : My pleasure ! User Hi there . I ’ m here to book a trip for my family ! Its just me , my wife , and my son Wizard Cool ! Where are you guys from ? And where you go ? : We beautiful Kingston , and we were thinking of visiting Guadalajara Wizard : When do you want to travel ? And how much are you planning spending on this trip ? User : Well , I work on my own schedule as a writer so dates entirely flexible What is far less flexible is my budget I only have 1900 Wizard : that wo n't be enough take the family to Guadalajara . Do you have somewhere else in mind ? User : I also thinking Mexico . Even a short , like two days Wizard : Mexico City wo n't work either . Anywhere else you like to ? User : That is…it : disappointed : User : Hi there . I use your services to leave Puebla ? Wizard : Yes ! Where would you like to go ? User : Boston please . Sometime between September 1 and 16 Wizard : What is your budget ? User : unlimited budget , but hoping for something in the four star range : many people are travelling ? User : Me , potentially a . But just search for 1 adult now Wizard : We only have a 2.5 star hotel . Is this okay User : fine , but I would probably tell you to look up another place right after : wink : You what , just to that dallas for me Wizard : We have a 2.5 star hotel well . : ? Wizard : Again this is yielding only 2.5 star results as well . User : Wow just not my lucky day . How about ... Mexico City Wizard : Success ! We have 3 3.5 star hotels . Which would you prefer User : cool what amenities Wizard : The first 3 star hotel , `` Sublime Echo `` is near a beach , shopping , and mall , and offers parking wifi . The second 3 star hotel , `` Hotel `` is near the beach and shopping , and offers breakfast and wifi The 3.5 star hotel Exalted Willow Resort & Suites `` is near the shopping , and mall , and offers free parking wifi . User : how much does the 3.5 cost Wizard : For business it would cost 1048.47 and for economy would be 887.53 . This package is for 10 days User : think that would be the best choice ! business is n't too exorbitantly priced so that 's what I 'll and book for two please Wizard : Okay great ! For this option it will cost 2096.95 for two adults and business flights . Still ? User still okay Wizard : ! Your flights are booked ! will an email soon to confirm purchase ! Have a great day : thank you ! Wizard User : I have a number of potential destinations . Trying narrow them down a little So we are departing from Pittsburgh are 9 of us : 2 adults and 7 children With 9400 , can to ? Wizard Sure can The best hotels we have in Chicago are 2.5 stars , you can stay . When would you like to go there ? User : The time frame would be 8 to 20 Wizard : In this case , we have a 6 day vacation for you at a 2.5 star near a museum and a university . User : Thats doable Can you also look up Fort Lauderdale ? Wizard : In Fort Lauderdale we only you a 2 star hotel near a market but you can stay 11 days . User : Perfect . I didn ’ t even think we had much of a choice with our low budget but ’ m pleasantly surprised I m going push my luck a little more Can you check Belem ? Wizard Sorry I think you just ran out of luck . Nothing in Belem Is there another destination you would like me to help you check ? User ’ d like more about Fort Lauderdale . Specifically , the dates and prices Wizard : The Fort Lauderdale hotel has been rated 8.22/10 by guests and offers free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi . The is from Sept , is available for 5512.8 and business is 6518.86 . User : That is good enough Wizard : Great ! Would prefer the economy or business package ? User : economy please ! Wizard : Sure thing , book economy for you . You should receive email confirmation shortly ! User : Thank you so much User have a massively important meeting St. Petersburg I am in Rome at the moment . Wizard : Ok ! When do you need to travel ? User : asap Wizard : Is there anywhere else you can travel ? User : I can got to Punta Cana instead to meet them . Wizard : I can get you on a flight to Punta Cana for 3658.75USD . : From Rome ? Wizard : Yes . User : Let 's do it . Thanks for getting me there ! Make sure to send me the hotel name . Wizard : I can downgrade your flights to economy if you ’ d like to some more money ! User : I 'll be able to prepare for my meeting business , extra $ . Thanks anyway . Wizard : No problem ! Enjoy your stay at La Estrella del Mar : slightly_smiling_face : User : Gracias User : It seems that a lot of us grandmas are winning the jackpot lately haha guess we ones at the casino the most . yes i want to take six bratty grandchildren with me and spoil them even Wizard : Where would you like to go ? User : Rome where I can drink some red wine while the amok Wizard : And where did you want to leave from ? User Calgary Wizard : of budget are we working with ? User : I can spend my entire winnings of $ 4300 who knows how long I 'll be around Wizard : I have a 12 day package for one adult and six kids for 8820.42USD . User : that be fun except I would have to rob bank to get the difference Wizard : Where else would you like to ? User : Leon also has nice red wine Wizard : Though hear Leon , Spain is a hotspot for wine , unfortunately I have no packages available for you User : ... okay how about Minneapolis , cause must have some nice red wines there Wizard : I have a wonderful 8 package available for you and your family to , USA for only 2619.68USD How does that sound ? User : It sounds good we MUST be near the park so I can relax and drink my wine while the amok Wizard : For a total cost of 3340.79USD can book you an alternative package at Viridian Inn & Suites . This hotel is near a park , museum , and a mall ! of places to enjoy the highly acclaimed wines of vineyards in , Minnesota . : I do hear Pennsylvania puts out some nice wines : mask : Is breakfast for the children included ? And what is the rating on this hotel ? Wizard : is included ! And the rating is . User : Did I mention they start school Sept 29 so we must back ? Wizard : You would be back on 19th ! User : They do get out of camp until Sept 14 we can not fly out before . Wizard : That ’ s - you would flying out September 16th . User : So this like a 4 day package ? Wizard : That ’ s right ! User : Well it all really good except for the crappy Minneapolis , Minnesota wines . Please go ahead and process this before I change my mind . Wizard : You ’ ve got it- email confirmation will be sent shortly . User : Thank you , my dear , sweet friend , you have been oh helpful . Wizard : Happy to help : slightly_smiling_face : User : hi : Hi ! User I 'm about to be as September 8 Wizard : Sure ! Where would you be leaving from ? User : Cleveland . we 'd like to go to Atlanta for a week Wizard : Good , and do you have a budget ? User : 2300 for the two of us Wizard : What is your date range for travel ? User : anytime after our Wizard : unfortunately . User : Hello . Do you have five star hotels for in Osaka ? Wizard : Where are you from ? User : I 'm leaving Maceio . Well ... We ... My friend and I : Budget ? User : We have all money the world , my friend ! Wizard : When would you like to leave and/or return ? User We can travel whenever have obligations back on the 19th of September Wizard : Unfortunately we do not have any packages . : None at all Then try getting me there from Baltimore instead Wizard : have a package at a 4 star hotel near a park and museum , 8.69/10 guest rating free parking and wifi , from September 2nd to 14th is 5841.26 , 4543.31 . User : There 's no better hotel ? We 're used to five star hotels Wizard : No star hotels sorry . User : Let me ask my friend , one ... Ok we 'll settle for this Wizard : Okay thanks for the input . Would you like to book the business flights economy flights User : business : Okay ! package is now booked ! Have a great day ! User Thank Wizard : Anytime ! User : Hi there : Hello there how may I be of help ? User : You can take me to Tampa . Whats the nicest hotel you have there ? Wizard : The nicest is a 3 star hotel close to the park , museum , beach , and airport . It free wifi , breakfast and parking . Guests in the past have rated it 8.8/10 . Does this sound appealing to you ? User : I just want to ascertain that it is somewhere a pop star might stay at . You can verify that you do n't have anything better in town ? Wizard : I confirm . User : I ’ ll take your word it ! Ok lets talk numbers I have 1300 And I ’ d like get there on September 12 Wizard : are you leaving from ? : Portland I can offer you a day business package at the hotel previously mentioned for 938.53 starting from Sep 14 . User : I don ’ t need business class . Well actually It can t hurt I suppose Yes I ’ m down Lets do it Wizard : Okay I will book the business for you ! Anything else you need ? User : Thats it User : I 'm so excited , I get to take my entire team anywhere want ! Money is no object . Just got ta make fit into out busy schedule We can only go between August 31 and September . Wizard : Where are you leaving ? User : Tofino our point of departure : Sorry , we not offer flights from Tofino . User : I 'll try someone else , sayonara Wizard : Goodbye User : . I ’ m working with tight budget Turns there ’ s much pay for mildly alcoholic writers I know , right ? Looking for a bit of a break Have 2500 to spend on a trip for my wife , me and son Can you get us from Brasilia to Essen ? Wizard Wish I could help , but there are no trips from Brasilia to Essen . Is there somewhere else you want to go ? User : How about to San Diego ? Wizard : Sorry , nothing that works for your budget . : I have 3900 to spend and not a penny I to go to Kochi to Punta Cana . What you have for me ? Wizard To Kochi or to Punta Cana ? User Kochi to Punta Cana Wizard : Sorry , I can ’ t offer that flight User : go to Sao Paulo then ? Wizard : Yes , I have two hotels you . From 7-12 or Sept 2-6 . User : Dates do as long as we stick to my budget . Which hotel has a better rating ? Wizard : 3666.23USD for a 2.0 star 6 day package or 3228.11USD for the 3 7 package . User : Can you tell me a little more the hotel with the star rating ? Wizard : It is near a cathedral and theatre , has from previous user reviews , and provides free parking , breakfast , and wifi to guests . User : this one seems to fit the bill Can you me some flight information please ? : You ’ leave Kochi at 8am Wednesday morning , Sept 7th . You will arrive at 1:01am following Thursday in Sao . As for your flights , you will depart Sao Paulo at 3:00am Monday morning on September 12th and arrive back Kochi at 8:01pm that evening . User : you may book this me . Great ! Consider it done . User thank you Wizard : My pleasure : ” ) User : Hello . 'd like to leave Tel Aviv And go to Puebla Wizard : Are you travelling alone ? User : I traveling with 6 adults including myself . We 2200 between us Wizard : There are no results User : How about ...... if we left from ? Wizard : Still nothing User : How about ...... if we went to Portland instead ... but this ... ... with 3 adults ... ... and ... ... wait for ... ... 2500 in , hard , cash Wizard : Portland Tofino or Tel Aviv ? User : Whichever works Wizard : There are no results . User : Well I ca n't say I did n't try hard enough : Bye ! Come again ! : I 0 . But big dreams I from Tampa Going Campinas But I ’ m ok with any destination really Wizard : I 'm afraid I can not help you here . User : that a stretch . Just trying to see if would glitch and give me a freebie But for real , where I go with 400 $ ? Wizard : Now that 's better ! I can take you to Punta Cana or Atlanta with that . User : It would nice to get out of the country ! What hotel could you me in Cana ? Wizard : You have a 14 day trip to Punta Cana at a 2.5 star beachside hotel for 167.60 if you fly economy . User : That is a bargain and a half . Does the hotel also serve free breakfast ? Wizard : No , it is void any amenities . who needs those when you 've got the beach User : SEE THE WORLD , YOU ’ VE GOT BEACH ? ? you speak wise sign me Wizard : Your trip is booked for you User : That is all , my friend User : What is money if I ca n't spend it ? ? ? I have 5600 saved up , ca n't actually travel , want to see where I could go if maybe things were different and I had time off work . for example Would I able to go from Ulsan to Washington ? Wizard : No . User : . to .. ? Wizard : No . User : Ok this n't working out as intended . Do you fly Ulsan to London ? : No User Ok. Last chance Ulsan to Dublin Wizard : We have 2.5 star hotel for 2375.19 for economy 3085.51 for business User : ! I need to check out several destinations you ! Are to help ? Wizard : Of course : slightly_smiling_face : What is your point of departure and first potential destination ? User : Denver is where I live . Buenos Aires is one the destinations on my wishlist . Wizard : I can book you in Buenos Aires from September 8th until the 19th for total of 2754.1USD . User : The 8th to 19th would work , although I am off work until the 28th . Can you tell me the name of the hotel & all the pertinent information so I can make list ? Wizard : Hotel Universe is a 3.5 star hotel , with an esteemed 8.69/10 from previous guests . Featured with your package are a daily breakfast buffet and access wireless internet . This hotel is in the of city located near lush green to you get the of your getaway . User : Hmmmm sounds like a good one but I want to what else you have . How many total is this package ? Wizard : 13 User : Next destination : Punta Wizard : I have September 2-12th for 1129.3USD , business class flights included . User : Was Buenos Aires on class ? to keep all on the type of so that I comparing apples to . : This package in Punta Cana would cost 846.85USD User : 's keep them all in economy for now . Can you tell the name of the hotel & all the pertinent information please ? Wizard : La Estrella del Mar an unrated hotel near a palace , and the would be 11 days in duration . I also have shorter duration trips of 5 days at El Mar , a star beachside . User : Okay let 's keep all the comparisons on packages days in length if possible . What provided with this hotel ? Wizard : I have no information on additional services . : amenities ? Wizard : , no info . User : Let 's look at Belem now with same consistent . Wizard : I an 11 day package in Belem at Las , a 3 star hotel near a cathedral for $ 1919.58 . This hotel includes free breakfast , free wifi , and free parking and is well-loved by previous guests with a 8.49/10 user rating . User : Fantastic ! have one more final destination on my wishlist - Columbus ! Wizard In Columbus I offer you a 14 day stay at Crown Jungle Inn , a hotel located by the beach and a palace with 2.5 stars and a 8.49/10 user review . The hotel has and complimentary wifi as well . The cost for this package would be 1661.5USD economy class . User : Buenos Aires is pretty expensive , Punta Cana too cheap so I am between Belem and Columbus . Wizard : I also have a 9 day Belem package a 4 star beachside hotel , Gentle Tower Resort . How is that ? Wizard : 2933.19USD User : I think I 'll stick to the 11 package in at Las Flores seems like the best deal and it had a good user rating . Let 's book that one . Wizard : Ok ! You ’ ve got it : slightly_smiling_face : I ’ ll send a confirmation email once I straighten up . User : Wizard : Hello , ready to discover perfect trip ? User : I have 6500 to spend my parents . Want to them out of Santo Domingo Tomorrow to the 19th Any destinations such a possibility : My package a 16 day stay at a 5 Berlin hotel . It 's rated and offers free and breakfast . User : That is…amazing . This is for two adults and under 6500 ? : , it will only be 6276.61 if they can fly economy . User : I was going review my But I be impulsive and seize this opportunity Wizard : I think that 's a smart choice . Would you like to confirm the booking for you ? User : Please Wizard : Done ! I wish your parents a pleasant ! User : Thank you ! User : Hi Do you fly from Ulsan to London ? ? Wizard : No , sorry ! User : Hi there . San Antonio to Mexico City budget : Are you travelling User : I am ! Wizard : When do you want leave ? User : I just need the entire trip to be somewhere between September 12 and October 2 Wizard : or economy flights ? User Business I Wizard : Okay you rather stay a 6.77/10 or 6.91/10 rated hotel ? User : Well obviously the better one Wizard : Good choice This hotel is 3 stars near the , and mall , they offer free parking and wifi the package is from September 24th to October 2nd , and the package costs . User : This is n't bad , However it is my prerogative to check some cities out What about Punta Cana ? Wizard We have a 3.5 star hotel near a cathedral and palace , 8.69/10 guest rating , free parking and wifi , from September 26th to October , business flight , 1767.47 . User : I 'm glad I asked then ! . Can you look at San Diego for me ? Wizard : We have a 3 star near the park , 8.86/10 guest , free parking , breakfast , and wifi , from September 14th to 24th , business flights , . User : Is it me , or do these packages keep getting better ? Ok one last spot to check ? Wizard : We a 2.5 star hotel near the airport and mall , 6.91/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast and wifi , from September 18th to 29th class 1057.38 . User : Ok Lets lock in San Diego Wizard : Great ! Your package is booked ! Enjoy your stay ! User Hi there . Could you please get me from Cleveland ? Wizard : Yes ! When would you like to go User : Between September 6 and 13 please Wizard : Unfortunately we have nothing that works that timeframe . your dates flexible ? User : They aren ’ t User Hi there . I flights from Beijing to Busan For 3 adults Wizard : Hello ! I ’ m sorry to inform we actually don ’ t service Beijing . Can help you with something else ? User : thanks ! User : Long Beach to Kingston , business only Wizard : For how many ? User : uno Wizard When would you like to leave and return ? User : I can travel between September 1st and September 14 Wizard Okay , the best we in Kingston is a 3.5 star hotel close to the museum with a guest rating 8.69/10 . I can put you a business flight for 2289.41 . User : Nothing with a higher rating ? Wizard : Not in Kingston . User : Okay I 'll take it Wizard : Alright , your reservation is confirmed . Have a good trip ! : Hi . I leaving from Recife Trying to see if there are any star hotels in : Would a star suffice ? User : , but tell me more : Well s the Hotel Kirei near a park and a museum with a 8.8/10 guest rating . I also have vacancies at the Voyage which features a 8.49/10 guest rating and is near both museums and shopping . User : Is there free breakfast at the Kirei ? Wizard : No , sorry . Only free wifi at both of these hotels . User : Ok I ’ ll the dice . But yes let me know dates I get at Kirei Keep in mind I need to back before the 8th of September , preferably Wizard : I can book you from Sept 2-7 User : Done , done , done . Wizard Business class ? User Yes Wizard : That will be 7185.50USD . User : Yes I will wire the money over shortly . Is this ? Wizard : sure is ! User : My team and I need get to San Diego . Need to leave by Sept . It is matter of life and death ! Wizard : I will do my best . Where are you and how many are ? User : We are 4 adults . We need to leave from belo horizonte . Wizard : My best offer for leaving on Sep 6 at a 2.5 star hotel 6 days until Sep 10 . Would you like to more about this : I 'm sorry , did I say the 6th I meant the 8th . We need to on or after the 8th ! Wizard : No problem , departure on the 8th , I have a 6 at a 3 star , rated 8.86/10 , with free , breakfast , and . User : How much for this one on economy Can you check Kobe too ? I 'll have to pick one , hope it 's the right one ! Wizard : The economy package at the San Diego is 9364.56 . For Kobe , I have a 5 day package leaving Sep 8 with a 3 star hotel for economy . : Anything cheaper in ? Wizard No , that is actually the cheapest option . User : I guess that decides it San Diego is we only have 12600 to spend ! Hope the rumours are right ! Wizard : Sure ! I 'll book the San Diego trip for group ! Anything else I can do for you today ? User : Hi there . I to spend on my lovely parents I want to get them out of Puebla sometime this month September 3 to 16 Whats the longest trip you can book me ? Wizard : 11 days 2.5 star hotel near a park , 5.23/10 guest rating free parking breakfast , and wifi , September 6th to 16th , is 1790.30 , economy is 1490.86 . User : this lovely trip to ? Wizard : Boston : Is there anything of comparable length : San Diego has an package for 1861.91 from September 6th to 15th . User : 's the hotel in San Diego ? Wizard : 2.5 stars , 6.91/10 guest rating , free parking breakfast , and wifi . User : Its got a better guest rating than the other one so lets go with this Definitely flying class When my hip hop career takes off , I 'll buy them business class Wizard : It 's the only option for this package anyway so you 're in luck . I 'll book it now and you 'll get confirmation email right away ! User : bot ! Could you do me a favour and check if you do from Barcelona to Manas ? Wizard : I can , and have , but unfortunately nothing to . User : What about Essen ? ? Wizard : I offer 13 days Essen for 1050 dollars from September until the sixteenth . User : Oh ! 's the deal with one ? Wizard There 's just the one hotel . But if you chose to fly economy class the price would be reduced to 882.93 USD . The hotel is the Relaxation is near a palace with a 3 star rating - 6.61/10 from previous guests - and you be provided with wireless internet access and breakfast at no further expense User : Its so much cheaper than what had expected to pay that I ’ ok business class Lets confirm this order : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : Ok , great ! Would like to proceed with booking ? User : Yes ! ! ! ! : Great ! Consider it done . User : I 'd like to make a pilgrimage Jerusalem to Indianapolis . are 8 of us in total Wizard : We do n't do flights to or from Jerusalem . User : Can you get me to Kyoto Wizard : Ok ! From where ? User : I need to be there for at least four days Wizard : Have you a budget ? User : I ’ m on the road so can head there from any origin point Budget is 3500 Wizard : Travelling alone ? User : two adults . oh and please me a place park Wizard : can get you 4 days Kyoto for 1857.63USD if leave from Sapporo . User : but the park Wizard : options near parks in Kyoto , sorry . User : Ok then scratch that . Try Maceio Wizard : Two hotels - both near parks ! User : Great Wizard : Regal Time has packages Sept 17-20 with a 3.5 star rating . Cavern Maceio is available from Sept 12-15 and bares the same 3.5 rating but the Regal is 4.93 points higher in terms of guest reviews . User : Okay would my choice for Maceio : I book ? User : Whats the most hotel in that you can me ? Wizard : I no park-side hotels in Rome , but several near cathedrals . User : Ok then go with please ! Wizard : You ’ ve got , boss ! Business class economy ? User : What are the associated costs ? Wizard : 2597.58USD for economy and 3176.95USD for business , from Santa Cruz . User : This is for two adults Wizard : . User : Book it , bot ! Wizard : Consider it done , amigo : slightly_smiling_face : your stay . User : Thank you ! User : YOU FLY OUT OF BEIJING ? Wizard : Nope , sorry . User : RECIFE TO NEW 1800 6 ADULTS MAKE IT HAPPEN Wizard : Sorry , it is n't going to happen . you flexible with your departure and arrival cities or your budget ? User : DONT BOTHER . HAVE A GOOD EVENING ! User : I need to book a vacation . ok I ’ m leaving from Rio Janeiro I don ’ t particularly care about where we go Wizard : Alright , how many are you and when would you like to leave ? User : adults and two children . We can travel the second of September the eighteenth Wizard : That sounds good . We have quite a few offerings that matches your selections Do you have a in mind ? User : Yes , dollars . Wizard : Alrighty , I 'm gon throw a few possible destinations at you , me know if something strikes the right cord : Curitiba , Santos , City , Punta Cana , Pittsburgh , . If none of these interest you , I can give you a few more . User : of all these options I am course most intrigued by do tell me more Wizard : What a choice ! In Pittsburgh you be in a 3.5 hotel a whoping guest rating of 8.86/10 . You will enjoy free parking , free breakfast , , and strolls a nearby park . User : Sounds nice ! What would the price of this ? Wizard : The economy package is priced right under your for 13349.78 . User : Not , bad . Before I proceed with anything can you tell me your package for is like ? Wizard : It 's at a 2 star hotel with 0/10 guest . However , I can you economy for as low as . User What are the dates for the Punta Cana ? Wizard : The trip to Punta Cana spans from September 2 September 14 but the hotel option is even less . User : Oh dear .. and could you remind me what the Pittsburgh dates ? Wizard : Sure ! The Pittsburgh trip runs for the 14 days : Sept . User : I think we ’ ll go ahead and book . Wizard : Awesome ! It is booked User : Hello Wizard : Hello , how may I help you ? User : Trying to see if I can take my kids with me to see my wife in Portland . And we would be leaving from Washington : What is the total amount of adults and children in your party ? User : 4 children . just me as an Wizard : Do you have any specific dates in mind ? User : i 'm not too picky on dates Wizard : I that we do not handle flights between Washington and Portland . Are you able to either depart from somewhere else or pick a different destination ? User : What about if we traveled together to Paris then Wizard : Just be clear , do want to depart from Paris or fly to Paris ? User : The latter please Wizard : I am pleased to tell you we have flights from Washington to . Do you have a certain for your vacation ? User : really i 'd like to treat the kids to something nice if can what kind of hotel ? Wizard : Hotel Regal Universe in Paris is a 4 star property a 9.16/10 user rating and is located near the museum and . That one is available for a 13 day period . I also have the Queen 's Jungle , also a 4 star property with 8.69/10 user rating located near the museum and cathedral available for 12 days A third option for you would be the Treasure Hotel , again a 4 star with a 8.49/10 user rating but I do not have any details on its location , also available for 12 days . : Does the Regal Universe have free breakfast ? ? Wizard : Regal Universe offers you a complimentary breakfast along with wifi . User and the ? Wizard : It is available from Sept 5th to Sept 17th on both economy and class User : Could we afford business class for our entire : The cost on business for the entire package including your flights hotel is 12006.40USD User Ok lets go ahead and confirm this ! Wizard : I will proceed with the booking then . Thank you enjoy your trip . User : you ! User : We have 6 adults to book Wizard : to ? User : Can you look into flights Nagoya to Busan ? Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : Between all of us , we have 17600 Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : We want to fit the trip in between sept to 18 Wizard : We have one availability at a star hotel near a park , museum , and university . The hotel has a 6.77/10 guest and offers free parking , breakfast , and wifi . This package is from September 12th to 18th and is 3900.42 for economy flights and 4405.86 for business flights . User : is there a nicer hotel in that city ? Wizard , this is the only hotel User : ok in that case , can you take a peek at the options in hiroshima ? Wizard : Our best package here a 4.5 star hotel , museum , 8.86/10 guest rating , wifi , September 8th to 16th , 4010.16 business flights , 3642.99 for economy flights . User Would there be a better hotel in Hiroshima if we increased the budget ? Wizard How much can you increase your budget ? I will check . : add 1000 Wizard : No , unfortunately the increased budget does not yield more results . User : Ok then us for business class then ! Wizard : Great choice ! your stay and safe travels ! Thank you for using my services User : ! User : kyoto to boston Wizard : When ? User sept 11. by sept Wizard : How many people User : just me : Alright the best option we for 6 days at a 3.0 star hotel near a park with 8.37/10 rating . User : what is the cost Wizard : can offer you the business level for 4753.65 the economy level for 3666.42 . User : when do i leave ? Wizard : You will leave on the 20th and return on the 24th . User : book it please Wizard : Consider it done Email confirmation is your way . User : have a big group to book for ! Wizard : Okay ! How big ? User : 4 adults 7 kids . leaving from washington . can you just give me some cost less 30300 Wizard : When would like to leave ? User : September 12 Wizard : We have package to Indianapolis , St. Louis , Dublin , San Antonio , Hamburg . User : Indianapolis ? anything on the beach there Wizard : Yes ! The hotel is on the beach and close to shopping hot spots User : Does it come with free parking ? Could look into renting a car Wizard : , free parking , , and wifi are all included . User : What is the rating this ? Wizard : 2.5 stars and 6.37/10 guest rating . User : Could afford anything better there ? Wizard : You can afford a 3 star hotel near the beach , airport , park , and university . This hotel also has a 7.15/10 guest rating offers free parking , breakfast , wifi . User : Whats the best you can get in SL ? Wizard : The best package to a 3.5 star hotel , 9.16/10 guest rating , , breakfast wifi , near the airport theatre , from September 16th , 15910.39 for business flights , 12853.36 for economy flights . : Can you check whats in ? Wizard : We do n't have any hotels above 2.5 stars . User : What about in San Antonio ? : There are only 2 star in San Antonio . User Hamburg then ? ? : Our package here a 4.5 star hotel near the airport , 9.16/10 guest rating , free parking and wifi , from September 13th to 30th , 24501.33 for business flights , 19293.70 for economy flights . User : Yes I ’ d like confirm Wizard : Business or economy flight ? User : business would do : Great ! will get a confirmation email which will include details about the trip . great day ! User : Thanks ! User : Hey , need a break from work , a break from SL Wizard : I 'd be happy to help you find the perfect . Where would you like to ? User : i ’ d be leaving from indianapolis thinking about going to Fortaleza september 2 until the tenth Wizard : I have two trips that fit your exact dates Both are 3 star hotels . One of has a guest rating of 7.15/10 while the other has a guest rating of 9.32/10 . Do you have any questions about these two ? User Oh , yes tell me more about the 9.32 rating hotel ! Wizard : It is conveniently located close to park and a museum . While there you enjoy wifi , breakfast , and parking free of charge Flying business will cost you 3767.4 and flying will cost you 2956.73 . User : can you tell me whats in Queenstown from Indianapolis - same dates ? Wizard : Unfortunately we do n't offer any trips from Fortaleza to Queenstown that fit within your dates . Can you make your dates flexible User In Fortaleza is the 7.15 guest rating hotel on the beach any chance ? Wizard : there is no nearby beach but it is close to a mall ! User : well in that case I think we should go with the higher option Wizard : Sure ! Do you want to go with business 3767.4 or economy for ? User : i think ill splurge for business ! Wizard : Sounds good ! I will confirm the reservation for you . Have a good vacation ! User : thank you , i need it : : User GET ME TO KYOTO ! ! ! Wizard : Okay . Can you give me your departure city please ? User I AM LEAVING VITORIA ! ! Wizard : For many people ? User : WELL ME AND TWO OTHER TRAINERS BUT I NEED TO BOOK A SEAT FOR MY PIKACHU AS WELL ! ! Wizard : So 4 adults ? User : NO BOOK 5 SEATS PLEASE Wizard : 5 adults ? User YES ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Wizard : Would you like the soonest departure to Kyoto ? User : I CAN GO ON 12TH Wizard : Do you need be back before a certain date ? User : NO I DONT CARE JUST GET TO THAT MEWTWO ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Wizard : We can get you out to Kyoto on Sept 4th and Sept 7th , but I have no more flights after that User WHATS THE COST . WHAT IS THE HOTEL NEXT TO Wizard : I just found you a flight out on the 12th ! Glorious Bazaar hotel offers a 14 day for for the 5 of you . It located next to the museum . User : GREAT ! WHATS PRICE THE FIVE US ? Wizard : 17230.15USD User : WE CAN SPEND 13700 WHAT IS CHEAPER FROM THOSE OTHER TWO PACKAGES ON DIFFERENT DATES ? Wizard : If you willing to depart Sept 16 , I have the Southern Palace Hotel available for 14 days at 13194.75USD . That one is located in the heart of the and to the museum . User : I COULD BE LOOKING TO GO TO SAN ANTONIO ... Wizard : Also from Vitoria ? SAME DATES AND BUDGET AND STILL 5 OF . YES , VITORIA Wizard : I have several options for your stay in San Antonio . Do you to be near the museum there too ? User : YEAH SURE ! ! ! ! I have the Vertex Inn available 10 days at a cost of 8418.2USD for your entire party of 5 . It is located near the museum , the park , and the mall . User : WHAT IS THE RATING ? Wizard : It a 2 star hotel the user is a respectable 7.15/10 and your package includes unlimited free wifi parking and a buffet breakfast is served daily until 10:30am at no charge . User : OK … . WHAT ABOUT HIGHER RATING Wizard : All the hotels in San Antonio that are available during this time period have a 2 star rating : LETS BOOK THAT PACKAGE : San Antonio it is . I have reserved the package for you . Safe travels . User : THAN KU User : Hi there ! Wizard : How can I help you ? User : I 'm trying to see if I can get 13 adults and 2 kids to Miami : I can help with that . Where you all leaving ? User : We would be leaving from Aviv Wizard : I 'm sorry to inform you that we do fly out of Tel Aviv . Anywhere else leave from ? User : Thats the only place we can manage , thanks though User : ONE first ticket to Santios : Where would you like to depart from : Kingston Wizard : , there are no availabilities from Kingston to Santos . Maybe can try another destination ? User : Leon do have some trips to ! When you like to go ? User : is good But please me into a nice hotel Wizard : I actually have two 5 star hotels in . close the beach and palace and the other is close to the market . Which one do you me to put you in ? User : Put me near the beach ! Do you do business class flights ? Wizard : Sure do ! I can you seats 2285.14 . trip will 11 from Sep 6-16 . Would you like me process the booking for you ? User : Yes that Wizard : Consider it done ! Anything else I can help with ? User : Do you do out San Antonio ? Wizard : Yes . Where to ? User : ’ t know . But there are 4 adults and 12 kids to book for Wizard : What is your budget ? User 3600 Wizard : We have packages for Denver and Calgary : Is it between Sept 18 and 22 : Oh no . In that case we n't have any availabilities . : What if we changed Sept 18 to 29 now Wizard : Yes that would work , have one package to Calgary at a 4 star hotel near a university , 0/10 guest rating , free parking and wifi , from September 20th to 29th , 2251.89 for economy flights and 3013.14 for business flights . User : What about Denver ? IF need be , we can up our budget to 3800 Wizard : There are no trips Denver for these dates . User : But thats the only hotel in Calgary we can get ? Wizard : Yes . User : Okay then we ’ ll go with that please Wizard : Business or economy ? User : Economy will be just fine Wizard : Great ! You booked ! Have fun ! User : Looking to go to Guadalajara Wizard : Where ? User : Wizard : When would you like to go to Guadalajara ? And how many are going with ? User : We would be 3 and 3 children . We are picky about dates but we would like to review our hotel options Wizard : Sure thing , our best options consists of two comparable hotels Both stars Both offers free , free breakfast , and free wifi . We offer 8 day or 4 day for one of them , while the we only offer 4 day User : Okay would we be able to travel here from Toluca ? Wizard : Sure can ! You can even business or economy . Do you have a budget you 're keeping User : for the group . Which one has the better guest rating ? : The one with the 8 & 4 day packages is rated at 8.37/10 . The 8.22/10 . User : And what would be the total for the 8 package at the former ? Wizard : for seats and just 2104.35 for economy seats . User : Then do class Wizard : Perfect Your vacation booked you from Sep ! User u book a couple adults out of ? send em anywhere dont care . sept 16 until the 29th Wizard : have several choices for your , it all depend on the amount you would like to spend . User : 2700 got saved up , make it count Wizard : We have the 5 star The Bronze Hotel in Sacramento available between 16 and Sept 29th . does that sound ? User 5 stars , parents are gon na for that . what amenities are included . and how much is it gon na cost Wizard : They will get free breakfast everyday and their wifi use is included . only this hotel 5 rated hotel , it also has a perfect 10/10 rating . This one of best properties available to us The total cost for this 14 day package is 2624.99USD , everything included . User : yea go for it , book it Wizard The price I quoted you is on business class seats . I can save you we book economy at a total cost of 2203.43USD . Would you prefer that ? User : oh heck yeah ! ! economy - I need the money Wizard : I will book the on economy class then . Thank you for shopping . User : Hello . Looking to travel out of Leon with client I want to find a really nice hotel to him - deals to close Wizard : would you like to go ? User : Denver would be one choice . With an unlimited budget , can you describe the best trip money can buy ? Wizard : When would you like to go ? User Anytime September 6 Wizard : Our best package is a 4 star hotel , 8.69/10 guest rating , free wifi , from September 9th to 21st , business flights , 4214.99 . User : Thats a good start . near the university ? Wizard : My database does n't tell me . : ok great . lets check some other places in that case look into the best package in ? Wizard : a 3.5 star hotel near a beach , theatre , and shopping 8.69/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast and wifi , September 10th 19th , business flights 6632.76 . User I like that near the beach , 3.5 star is a little low . Lets also check out Punta Cana then Wizard : We have a star hotel User book 2 adults business class to Denver Wizard Done Enjoy the trip ! User : Excellent , thank you User : I 'm inquiring to see if you have trips from San Jose to Calgary Wizard : we ! When would you like to go ? User : Sometime between September 7 and 27 would be best Wizard : I have a hotel available for those dates . It is a 4 star hotel and I can you there for either 8 days or 14 days . Are you by yourself ? IS this hotel near a ? : , it close to a university and has free parking and wifi though . User : Would you be able to tell me the cost for a 14 day stay ? Wizard : 1071.21 . 1428.22 if want to splurge on a business flight User : Do n't mind if I do ! Wizard : ! You are flying business to Calgary from 7th to the 20th ! Anything else I can help you with today ? User : hello there Wizard : Hello to you too User : i in need of some price comparisons , I leave from wherever Wizard : where would you to travel to ? User : I have requests for my available window between sept 12 until the 29th . can you tell me what you Milan Wizard : Do you have budget ? User : 4300 dollars Wizard : I have several points of departure to Milan with all 9 day stays at the same hotel . The least expensive is out of Recife , Brazil User : ok - whats the price and whatre the hotel details ? Wizard : 9 day at the 4 star Pink Star Hotel would cost 2690.20USD . This hotel is located downtown and is near cathedral and the . Your package includes breakfast and wifi . User : downtown - sounds a little congested . I need something near a park Wizard : There 's nothing in Milan with a park User : if I can ’ t get that in Milan then I ’ try Ciudad Juarez Wizard : How many days you looking for in Ciudad Juarez ? User : 4 at the least Wizard : In Ciudad Juarez , all my hotels are located either near palace or the museum . User : what about in Long Beach ? Wizard : Are you able to depart from Santo Domingo on September 20th ? User : whats the package ? Wizard : Muse Inn is located right a park and is available for a day stay at 1547.70USD . This is a 3 star hotel with a 8.49/10 user rating . User : awesome is breakfast included ? And parking ? : parking User : lets go ahead and book it Wizard : Should I begin the booking then ? User : please Wizard : I will send email confirmation with all the pertinent details . a pleasant day User : much appreciated User Hi there . Looking to get of Toronto with a few friends Wizard : Where to ? User : We do n't need to go far , we would to see how far our budget can stretch us as far as luxury hotels Wizard : is your budget ? User : We have 6200 How many people ? : of us Wizard : All adults ? User : all adults . Wizard : When would like to leave ? User : we 'd like to fit this trip between sept 1 to 12 Wizard : We a package to Las Vegas , Calgary , Sacramento , Vancouver , Phoenix and . User yes what you have for us in calgary ? Wizard : We have a 2 star hotel near a park and airport 6.51/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast and wifi , from September 2nd 11th 4661.23 for business flights , and 4059.51 for economy flights . User : can we get a better hotel in Vancouver ? 2 star hotel definitely would n't be our first choice Wizard : I double checked and we have a 4 star in Calgary near a university . They have a 0/10 guest rating , free parking and wifi , 2nd to 9th , flights costs 2289.75 and economy flights 1717.77 User : but do also look at Vancouver for me please Wizard : We have a 4 star in Vancouver . It is near park and museum 10/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast and wifi , from September 2nd to 10th business flights for 5176.65 and economy flights for 4707.32 . User : Booking business class flights still leaves us with room Wizard : Would you to book ? User : Yes Wizard : Great ! Business flights or economy ? User : business Wizard : Awesome ! Your flight will book after you confirm your details in confirmation email I have sent . Safe travels and have a great day ! User : Great , thanks a lot ! User I got married Puebla this past tuesday Wizard : Where you to have your perfect ? User : glad to hear it ! Ok so we ’ d like to go to for 11 days and between the two of us we have Wizard : Sorry , I do n't have anything that matches your budget . Do you have any other places in mind User : lets try to fortaleza Wizard : That sounds like a nice choice ! I can take you there for 10 days . can at a 3 star hotel close to the mall . How does that sound User : and it fits in our ? Wizard : Sure does ! You can jump on economy seats for ! User do we have to pay for breakfast at the hotel ? Wizard : Nope , they 've got it covered ! Same with wifi and parking User : what are the dates ? Wizard : 10 days from September 6-15 . Would you like me to book this for you ? User : yes put us down Wizard Done ! Have a great time at Fortaleza : Thank you ! User Do you do flights out of Punta Cana ? Wizard : Sure do ! to ? User : I had Kochi in mind , but I m not sure if there are actually flights there ? Wizard : There actually are some flights between Punta Cana and Kochi ! Can you tell more about dates and budget User : I have September 11 to 17 off , budget is n't a problem . I want the longest trip Wizard : Sounds good . I have something for your exact dates ! It will be an 8 day stay at a 3.5 hotel in the heart of Kochi ! : Is anything with the room ? Wizard : It has free wifi and you easily access a nearby park . User : Can also check Sydney me ? Wizard Nothing to Sydney unfortunately . User : is there hotel in kochi by chance ? : there is not . User : lets book the one you found me then ! Wizard : Alrighty , just for yourself right ? User : yes will be just me . whats the cost ? Wizard : You can get an seat for 4353.35 or a for 5653.9 . : ok i ’ ll just do this Wizard : Sure , your trip booked for you ! Look out for a confirmation email coming your way . User : HEY-OH ! I need leave Indianapolis tomorrow after my wedding two adults travelling , of , and we want to go to Kingston for 9 days . What can you give Wizard : I have several choices for you . How much money would you like to spend on your honeymoon ? User : we can spend 1700… for that price ? Wizard : I have package on 12 night stay at the Cosmos Inn . This hotel is in the downtown area of Kingston but also near a park . It has a 2.5 star rating and includes breakfast , wifi and a parking space . User : What ’ s the guest rating ? more appealing ? Wizard : 6.37/10 . If you prefer with a higher rating , we can at shortening your stay and placing you in a nicer hotel . Is this something you may consider ? User : yes , certainly . don ’ t need to stay 9 days what else is there ? Wizard : If you are willing to spend , Ebony Manor Inn & Suites has a 9 day package and is a 4 star rated hotel . User : near anything interesting ? Wizard : Near the museum User : the hotel is .. what could we get in Montreal Wizard : something on the in Montreal ? I have the Twin Canyon Inn and Suites a 2.5 star property with a user rating of 8.86/10 . User : ’ s the ? Wizard : We can do it 1743.69USD - on business flights and it 's a 10 day package User : any other amenities included ? Wizard : There wifi at no extra charge , breakfast is complimentary and they provide parking at no charge . User : when do ? Wizard : 5th and you return on User : ok - ’ s book : Can you get me out of Pittsburgh Sunday 11th : Possibly . Do you have budget ? User : i got 3700 to my name : you know where you 'd like to go User : yes can you get to essen ? Wizard : . have a 2 star hotel and a 3 hotel . User : the 3 star ? how it cost ? Wizard : 2262.84 economy flights and 2908.78 for business flights . User : ok get me out on economy . but it leaves september 11 yes ? Wizard : There are no flights that leave on the 11th , the 3 star hotel is from September 22nd to . User : how about the 2 ? as in the earliest departure Wizard : September 16th to 24th . User : ok i 'll take what out of here the earliest Wizard : Alright the economy package for the 2 star hotel leaving the 16th is 2613.80 and the flights for this package 3375.97 . User : yeah just get me on the economy flight : Great ! It is booked ! You 'll get the rest of the package details in a confirmation email where you can also confirm payment for your trip Safe travels ! : santiago to , go ! Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : no budget . but to be between 7 and 15 , ok ? Wizard All we have available is a 2.5 star hotel in the heart of the . 1328.16 for economy and 1705.16 for business flights . User : the dates ? : September 7th to 14th User : Okay what about Columbus , you go there ? Wizard : There are no within your date range . User : does Cleveland work within my dates ? Wizard : Unfortunately not User : And Leon ? Wizard : I think this will be the . This a 5 star hotel from September to 15th . Economy class flights for 598.77 and business for 668.48 . : Does the Burlingtonian hotel have good amenities ? Wizard : Burlington has free parking wifi , Leon has only free wifi . : Yeah seeing as the dates are a good match , I 've never been , and its that much more expensive , that Wizard : Would you like economy flights or business User : Economy be fine Wizard : Great ! Your trip is ! Have fun ! : thanks ! User : , there ! Wizard : Hi there ! can I do for ? : We want to take our five kids out Cairo Wizard : I 'd be happy to help Where are you thinking of ? User : First on the list is Trip would need to be between and September 18 Wizard : Do you have a budget you must follow ? User : 9400 budgeted hope thats enough ! : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard Sure is ! That can take you to SL for 9 days at 3.0 star hotel near the beach : slightly_smiling_face : User : Would this hotel offer wifi ? I ’ d like to still be able to work anything came up . Wizard : Not just free wifi , it also offers free breakfast ! User : Not to too long on this decision , but can I also see what you have available in Guadalajara ? Wizard : Nothing available for Guadalajara unfortunately . User : ’ ve heard Santo Domingo has some nice beaches , got anything there Wizard : Nothing either : disappointed : User : Ok that SL choice really wasn ’ t bad lets book that Wizard : I agree ! You can get the entire family into business class for 7290.39 . Otherwise , seats are 6014.26 . : I want to treat my family lets business : Perfect ! I have the booking . You will depart in days on the 4th . Better start packing : Will do ! Thanks ! User : get me out of berlin Wizard : Berlin to ? User : care Wizard : How people ? User : 1 Wizard : when ? User : Wizard : During those dates , I only have one option for you in Gaudalajara User : ok. details Wizard : A day stay at Resort Felicity leaving on your requested and returning on your requested date . This 2.5 star hotel has a 8.49/10 star rating and not only included free wifi and parking , but offers a complimentary breakfast every day of your stay . User : price Wizard : 3020.61USD everything User : can you upgrade me to business class please Wizard : Yes for 3889.68USD . Is alright with you ? User go for . book please : It has been taken care of . User : there Wizard Hi ! can I help ? User : have September 13 to off Wizard : Okay , where will you leave from ? User Dallas . Can you look at flights to Belem ? Wizard : Do budget ? User : Lets consider this independently of any budget now Wizard : We have a great 4.5 star hotel package available from 14th to 22nd . The hotel is located near the beach and has a 8.8/10 guest rating and also offers , , and wifi . The economy package is 1583.37 and the business flights package is 2011.78 . User : can you also tell me what you can find me in Denver Wizard We have a 3 star hotel near a park , 8.86/10 guest rating , free breakfast wifi , from September 13th to 18th , 1134.60 for economy flights , and for business flights . User : Lets go with Belem now Wizard : or economy ? User : Lets do Business class : Awesome ! Done ! a great vacation ! User : Just looking into vacations departing Phili . Where could I go under ? Wizard : Just you ? User yup Wizard : When are you planning on taking your vacation ? User : Sept 12 to 20 Wizard : I could get to quite a few places ! San Diego , Toronto , Dublin , San Antonio , Beach ... any of these interest you ? User : Whats the hotel in San Diego ? Wizard : In San Diego it would be a star hotel with a 6.91/10 rating near a park . User : would you any in Toronto ? Wizard : In Toronto it would be a 3.0 star hotel near the and market . This one 8.86/10 rating . User : What in Dublin ? Wizard : That would be a 2.5 star hotel with 6.77/10 rating . User : San Antonio ? Wizard : In San Antonio it will only be a 2 star hotel with a 7.15/10 rating . User : Ok just to put you through one last , whats good in Beach ? : Not a problem , in Long Beach we 've got a 2.5 star hotel with 6.91/10 rating . User : Could you me more about the Toronto hotel ? Wizard : Sure ! It offers free , free breakfast , free wifi stay there 8 days Sept 13-20 . User : Lets book it Wizard : you like the business for 1108.4 or economy tickets for 924.67 ? User : economy please Wizard : Your is booked ! User : thanks ! User : I just DYING to get to Madrid and check out this hot new food truck that serves llama meat tacos . I ’ m on a budget though .. so if could get me there sometime in the next month or so for like 1100 bucks it be . Let ’ s try leaving from Las Vegas maybe ? : Hello . We do not flights from Vegas to Madrid . Can you depart from somewhere else ? User : fine .. from . Wizard : Neither User : Ok well there s a new boutique maple candy shop that just opened in Vancouver .. how much can I get there for from Las Vegas ? Wizard : long do you want to go to Vancouver for ? User ’ t matter , have an open schedule Wizard : 3 or 4 star hotel ? User : I can afford either ? Wizard : yes User : Tell me the details on each so I can make an informed decision . Wizard : Okay these 2 hotels have 10 day packages . The Western Ridge is a 4 star hotel near park and the museum It perfect rating of 10/10 and would cost you 858.76USD and include your breakfast . Parallel Carnaval Bed & Breakfast is 3 star near the park . It has an excellent guest rating of 8.86/10 and would cost you also include your breakfast . User Do you know if either of them are in the heart of the city ? Wizard : Neither User : Let ’ s book Western Ridge Wizard : Just to confirm , you depart on September and come back on the 11th . I reserve for immediately . User Wonderful . thank very much ! User : need to impress some clients with an extravagant trip Wizard : Of course ! Where would like to go ? User : I was thinking I 'd wine and dine them in Kochi . Do you flights there from Montreal ? Wizard : Do you have budget ? User : nope , the more I spend better actually Wizard : Great ! How many people in total will travelling ? User : 2 adults Wizard : When would you like to leave ? : I 'd like to leave today Wizard : We do n't have any flights to Kochi , is there another destination you have in ? : Phoenix then ? Wizard : No results for this either . User : Philadelphia ? Wizard : Nothing available User : do you even do flights out of ? ? Wizard Yes we do but none that fly there to your . User : essen osaka . sept 2-16 Wizard : number of ? : one Wizard : I have nothing Osaka from Essen . Can I you in other destinations ? User : what if i dates and leave a day earlier Wizard : It does not make a difference User : I ’ d like to see where I can go from Hiroshima . Between now and 5 Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : yes , 1400 : Are you travelling alone ? User : Yes Wizard : We have no flights from Hiroshima unfortunately . User : What I stretch the date range to now and September 18 ? Wizard : That helped . We have flights to Osaka , Kochi , Kobe , Ulsan and Sendai . User : Whats the longest trip you of those choices ? Wizard : Osaka and Kochi . User : And out of , which one has the best Wizard : Osaka . User : many stars hotel have Wizard : 4 and is near a park and museum . User : What dates can get for this one ? Wizard : September 2nd to 13th . User : What would in ? Wizard : Would you like the of business economy flights ? User : economy please Wizard : 681.94 . User : sign me up , boss Wizard : Cool ! You 're all signed up . Have good trip User : Thanks ! User : I have a movie shoot to go to in Salvador . Get me there from Belem Wizard : apologies , we do not have any available trips . Is there another destination you to go to ? User : Get me to Brasilia then Wizard : That I can I have a 3.5 star hotel near the beach , shopping and theatre . I availabilities for 7 or days . User : what amenities does 3.5 star have Wizard : It 's got everything . Free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi User : 7 days class then Wizard : Sounds good . Business class booked for 575.48 ! : Can you remind me of the dates ? Wizard : Yup , 'll be there from Sep 8-14 User : hello Wizard : hello User : i live york . i have 2600 dollars to . i travel between september 5th and 24th . what can you find me in leon Wizard We can send you to Leon during those dates either for 14 days 18 days , which do you prefer ? User : the longer the better ! Wizard : have a STAR resort called the Serene Palms Resort in Leon for 2151.0USD , located on a and close to the palace . User : what about ? Wizard : I have another nice package at a 5 STAR The Gold near the museum and the market Valencia for 2337.62USD . User : amenities ? Wizard : Free wifi on both User : lastly ( certainly ) what about San Francisco Wizard : best I can do in San Francisco is the Glorious Spring Hotel for 10 days . 2 STAR rating with price to match of 1444.63USD . However , they do provide free wifi and and breakfast is included . User : the beach and palace in Leon sound amazing . I think wan na book that but what are the dates though Wizard : Leon is from Sept to the 22nd User : i want it Wizard : I will do the then . User : thanks my dude : Ok ! So I a trip with my 6 best friends . We want to go from Guadalajara to somewhere First our list Cairo . Could you get there ? Wizard : ! What is your budget ? And when would you guys like to go ? User : we 6400 budgeted . and we would have to keep this trip between Sept 9 to 23 Wizard : can take you to Indianapolis , New York , Fort Lauderdale Cairo , Atlanta , San Antonio , and Lima . Any of these interesting to you ? User : Cairo would be our top choice Wizard : It is a 2.5 hotel near the park , market , cathedral , and palace . Historically , guests have rated in 8.22/10 average Free parking , breakfast , and wifi is available during your entire stay . I have economy and business packages that work with you . User : Could we find a better hotel if we increased the budget by 1000 ? Wizard : Not in Cairo . Are you still open to any city in the US ? User : I know should be more open-minded , but this time around we really wanted to go to Cairo Wizard : we do n't have better Cairo . I could put on business flights though , and you can stay in Cairo for 10 days and still okay budget-wise ! : Ok that Wizard : It 's done ! 5716.58 for everything that all for ? User : Hello , get me to Frankfurt . Leaving Punta Cana . Wizard I have for you in Frankfurt as far as accommodations go . I have the Mellow Palms Resort for 13 days or the Atlantis Peaks Resort for 13 days . free breakfast and free wifi as part of the package . For the Mellow Palms hotel ( 5 ) departure date is 8 and for the Atlantis Resort ( 4.5 stars ) departure is Sept 6 . User Can you accommodate lawyer and wife on this trip ? As well as my child ? Wizard : 3 adults and one , Mellow Palms $ 9484.8USD and Atlantis Peaks $ User : What ’ s around each of the hotels ? Wizard : Shall I book User : I need to is nearby Wizard : I have no information on location for one User : Book the nicer one Wizard : by nicer , do mean higher rated one or the higher priced one ? User : rating Wizard : The Mellow Palms Resort had been booked for and your party of 4 . User thanks ! User : Hello - need to fly out to Queenstown soon Wizard : From where will you be flying from ? User : I could leave from two First is Indianapolis Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : I ’ d like to spend most 4400 Wizard : When would you like leave ? User : Times are flexible for me Wizard : Our longest package is 12 days and it September 12th to at a 5 star hotel . User : That sound superb actually Could you me hotel it is ? Wizard : It is the Illustrious Pool . User : Ok how much would it cost ? Wizard : The cost . User : ’ ll confirm this booking . Wizard : Great ! Your trip is booked ! Have a great the ! User Hello . I ’ hearing good things the in Hiroshima . I would like to visit there and leave from Burlington . Wizard : Burlington to Hiroshima for one ? User : Correct . Wizard : Do you have dates and length stay desired User : Nope - I ’ m free as a bird ! from having 2 grand to spend , that is . Wizard : I have no packages for under $ 2000 . I can do is $ 2415.57 8 day . User : Well , what if I left Manaus to Hiroshima ? Wizard : Nothing in Hiroshima for $ 2000 . User : I guess I ’ ll have to go San Juan . Wizard : to San Juan ? User : Sure . Go for it . Wizard : Our best in San Juan for under $ 2000 the Fairyland , 4 STAR , wifi included , 10 day stay all for low price 1277.49USD User : Sounds good . Is it downtown ? Near any nice dive bars or brew pubs Wizard : No but it 's near the museum , shopping and market . I do not if there are `` dive bars or brew pubs `` nearby . User : Ok let ’ s book that package to San Juan please . , have a nice weekend . User : : smile : User : next destination is Mexico City ! But can I get there from Tijuana is the million dollar question Wizard : Sure ! When would to be and how much are you thinking of spending ? : Sometime after today would be great . I have 2300 to spend Wizard Sounds good . The best hotel I have in Mexico City is a 3.5 star hotel near the museum , beach shopping , and mall . It has 6.37/10 guest rating offers free wifi and parking . User : I 'll take it Wizard : Okay , I can get you there on Sep 8 only with a 5 day stay . Or you can leave on Sep 10 but stay for 8 days . User could you me there at a lower rated hotel though ? : Actually yes . I can get you there on the 7th if you stay at a 3 star . you interested in this option User : whats the cost for that ? and the length of stay : Economy seats would only cost you 701.81 And you will be staying 5 days from Sept . User : lets it . time is of essence here Wizard : Alright ! I have booked this trip for you ! Confirmation has been sent to via email . User : thank you : pray : User : kingston to salvador u got this ? Wizard : Do you have ? User : jennifer lawrence does not do budgets , u ? Wizard : Okay When would you to leave ? User : whenever bud Wizard : Traveling solo ? : ya Wizard : I have no results . User : send me to chicago Wizard We only have 2.5 star hotels . User : ok whatever book that hotel i guess Wizard : Booked User : tell me the so can notify my friends in Chicago Wizard : 13th to 19th September User : is it booked ? Wizard : Yes . User : k good thanks bye User : I want book a flight for myself and 6 Wizard Where to ? User Essen please Wizard : From where ? User : Pittsburgh would be point departure . Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : 3900 Wizard : would you like leave and User : Leaving September 6 . Returning September Wizard : We ca n't you out of Pittsburgh , is there somewhere else you could fly from ? User : But do you have flights leaving Pittsburgh ? Wizard We have a package to Calgary , Guadalajara , Denver , Burlington Toronto , and Houston . User : What about Sacramento ? Wizard : We have 5 star hotel , 10/10 guest rating , breakfast and wifi , from September 11th to 20th , flights , 3629.62 . User Is that price me and the six kids ? Wizard : Would you like to book it ? User : yes please ! and thank you ! : : Wizard : Great ! Your package is booked for and your 6 grandchildren ! Have fun ! User : Thank you ! : : User hello ! I 'd like to book something for myself i have quite a few vacation days coming up Wizard : What of trip are you for ? User : i 'm looking for a cross globe tour . from philadelphia to hiroshima : We do have any travel available from Philadelphia to Hiroshima : pittsburgh to . What 's the cost ? Wizard : A 14 day stay at our best hotel would be 1355.67 with business flights . User : whats the hotel like Wizard : It is a star hotel near park and airport . rated 8.37/10 . And you can enjoy free wifi , breakfast , and parking your . User : what is available in Kingston Wizard The best in Kingston would be a 4 star hotel with 8.22/10 guest ratings . It is located near the museum and free parking , breakfast , and wifi . User : what is the price that package Wizard 1454.62 for business flights a 7 day stay . User : i think i would prefer Guadalajara Wizard : Sure , I can book day package at 3 star hotel Guadalajara . class ? User : Please . Wizard : ! You are departing on the 6th and returning on the 19th . a good trip ! User : thanks ! ! ! User : ulsan to vitoria , 1 business class ticket Wizard : We have no direct flight from to Vitoria , can I help you find alternate destinations of ? User : Can you me to Columbus then : Sure can , for days . How does that sound ? User : I could n't tell you you tell me what kind of hotel you put me in : Is an 11 day stay withing your timeline ? : yes could Wizard : The hotel is named the Light View and has a star . It is centrally located in the heart of the city and has a museum and a mall nearby . A business class flight for this will run 3726.56USD . User : There 's no 5 star ? Wizard : No this is all I have available User : I 'll have to look elsewhere is lower I 'm willing to accept User : I need get to Baltimore on important business : Where are you going ? User : . I can go whenever Wizard : Are you alone ? User : Yes Wizard : We a 3.0 star hotel near a park 8.69/10 guest ratings , free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi . The trip is 18 days from today to the 19th . I can get you a seat in business class . Sound good ? User : Have you got any nicer hotels ? Wizard : Not really . There is another 3.0 star hotel with only 7.06/10 ratings . I do n't think you would want that . User : Book the original package then , . Business class . Wizard : Sounds good ! The business package booked for you for 2227.78 . flight is today so better get going ! User : will do User : Hi there ! Wizard How can I help you ? User : I am looking to fly out to Santos I can leave from two possible : of is Cancun Wizard : Do you have budget ? User : no budget it needs be between tomorrow and 20 Wizard : Do you have hotel rating preference ? : I think a 3 star should be suitable for me . I ’ a person particularly fancy tastes neither are any of 7 companions on this trip Wizard adults altogether ? User : correct ! Wizard : you rather have a 19 day or 14 day stay ? User : I need something between the dates September 3 and 20 ideally . Wizard : One package is from 4th to and the other from 2nd to 14th . User : There ’ nothing shorter ? Wizard : No User Ok I suppose I can be flexible with dates . Can tell more about the hotel ? Wizard : you rather do ? User : leaning towards the to 21st Wizard : This a a 3 star close to shopping , 8.37/10 guest rating free and wifi , business flights for 22417.40 , economy flights for 17467.20 . User : that sounds very close to what I asked for good job ! Wizard : Would you like to book ? User : yeah Wizard : Economy or business ? : lets all do business class Wizard Great ! Your package is booked Have a great trip ! User : Sounds good I meant to say , but also thanks ! : slightly_smiling_face : User : You too ! Wizard : How can I help you ? User : Could you get me to Berlin , from Portland ? Wizard : No unfortunately . Can we get you there from another city ? User : Could you try again but this time with me departing from ? Wizard : Ca n't get you there out of Dublin either . User : can you check flights baltimore Wizard : I can get Baltimore from Berlin User : can only depart dublin ! Wizard : You never mentioned your budget : oh yes , my budget is 2100 Wizard : We have the resort Countryside available for you in Baltimore 16 or 11 days , whatever prefer . day stay is 1558.65USD and an 11 day stay is 1320.96USD . It is a 3 hotel and you will free wifi , breakfast and parking you require it . User : but one gets there ? Wizard The 16 day package has a Sept 4th departure whereas the 11 day package is not available until Sept 12th . User : ok then definitely the 16 day package . i assume the prices are for economy class ? : Yes do you want to fly business User no just fly economy please Should I go ahead and book the 16 day package at 1558.65USD for you then ? User : Yes please : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard booking is confirmed . Good luck and safe tarvels . User : Thank you , glad to be going back so soon User Heyyyy there Wizard : Hello ! What do you need today ? User : We ’ d be leaving from San Antonio Sept 8 Hoping go to Busan And we ’ ve got 4600 bucks to spend Wizard : Sorry , we 've got nothing that works you dates and budget . The affordable trip we have costs 4885.11 and leaves on the . User What about in Naples ? Wizard : We do a trip leaving on the 8th to Naples . It be an 8 day stay at a 3 star hotel at the heart of Naples and of course , close to the museum . User : Ok ! What would the price be ? Wizard : The economy package will be 3587.60 and the business package will be just under your budget at 4584.75 : Ok , great . Can we the economy package ? Wizard : Sure can ! I have processed the booking for you . Watch out for a confirmation via email ! User : Bless you ! ! Find me something flashy for 6 adults in Buenos Aires . Its my birthday so I don ’ t care what it costs Wizard : try ! will you be coming from ? User : Tijuana Wizard : Do you have a strict budget ? User Its my birthday I don ’ t care what it costs Wizard : Okay , how does this sound ? Business flights for all of you to a 4 star hotel in the heart of Aires ! User : Ahh it has I suppose .. what points of interest is it handy do ? Is the guest rating above 8.22/10 Wizard : It is also close to a park . The guest rating is 8.69/10 , and it offers parking , free breakfast , and free wifi . User : Anything in Campinas ? Wizard : Not exactly . We only have a 3.5 star hotel with 8.49/10 guest in Campinas . User : Yeah .. not interested . What about in San Antonio ? Wizard : In San Antonio our only are 2 star hotels . User : Yikes . Ok Buenos Aires is Book it please Business class Wizard : I 'm happy book it for you ! The total is 18451.61 . The 6 of will be 10 days from 8-16 . User : drop what you re doing book me a ! Wizard : That 's what I 'm here for . Where you like to go ? : campinas to portland ! Now ! Wizard : Sure , do you have a budget ? User : nope ! Wizard When would you like to leave and return ? User : no dates mind to be honest Wizard : There are no results User : are there results for manaus least ? Wizard : Yes . 3 star hotel , park , museum , 8.49/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast and wifi , from September 10th to 21st 476.72 for economy , and 523.20 for business . User : whats your hotel in paris ? Wizard : where are you leaving from ? User : mannheim Wizard : I can not answer you question until verify what is available to us at this time from Mannheim to Paris . It seems The Regal Universe , stars and 9.16/10 user rating is we have available User : could get me there september 7 ? Wizard : September 11th is the soonest I can get you there ! User : And how much would that cost ? : Business or economy ? User : business if i afford it on 1000 budget Wizard : $ 1013.6USD on User : economy it is then how much ? Wizard : $ on economy : how long i be able to stay there ? Wizard : It is an 8 day stay from Sept 11 to 18 User great , i would like to confirm Wizard : I will after the booking User : thank you ! : I WANT VACATION PLZ Wizard : You 've come to the right place : slightly_smiling_face User I LIVE IN Wizard : Many destinations await you . But first , can you tell a bit more about your and travel dates ? User : I HAVE THOUSAND DOLLARS AND ONE MORE ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS . I LEAVE AUGUST 31ST COME SEPTEMBER 13TH Wizard : Are you flying solo ? User : GO BY MYSELF Wizard : In that case you have plenty of ! I will throw a few possibilities at you and you tell me if something your eye okay ? Curitiba , St. Louis , Rio de Janeiro , Barcelona , , Pittsburgh , Toluca . User : WHAT IS THE HOTEL IS BARCELONA Wizard : It 's a 3 star hotel in the of the city near a park and a . The guest ratings very high at 9.16/10 . And they offer free parking and wifi during your stay . User : OK NOT BAD I WOULD NOT MIND THE BEACH THOUGH WAHT ABOUT LIMA Wizard : In Lima we have a 4 star hotel near a park . It 8.98/10 ratings and offers free . User : I LIKE THAT RATING ITS GOOD . OK LAST WHAT IS THE RIO DE JANEIRO PACKAGE Wizard : In Rio Janeiro we only have a 2.5 star hotel : disappointed : User : EHAT IS THE PRICE IN LIMA Wizard : For 10 days it will be 814.84 on business flights and 698.86 on economy . User : WHAT THE FOR BARCELONA Wizard : 2633.76 for business and 3386.19 for economy User MUCH MORE EXPENSIVE MAKES SENSE I WILL BOOK LIMA BUSINESS CLASS GREAT DEAL : I agree ! It is booked . You are headed to Lima : slightly_smiling_face : User : THANK U User : there . First off , do you do any flights departing JErusalem ? Wizard : No User : Looking to take my squad out to Punta Cana ! ’ ll whatever it takes to fly out of Aviv Wizard : How many people ? User : there 9 Wizard : All adults ? User : all adults Wizard : When would like ? User : It has to be between August 31 and September 3 Wizard : There are no results for your date range . User : How about results for flights to Tofino ? Wizard : There are no results . User : Do you have any other options leaving Tel Aviv ? Wizard : No . User : I have 8 days off coming up . Really want to get out of the the country being brazil do you flights to mexico city ? Wizard : Can you provide desired dates please User : september 9 to 17 Wizard : What city in Brazil would you like to depart from ? : Fortaleza . For one adult only Wizard : I have the perfect package for you : Fortaleza Mexico , 8 days , departing Sept 10th and Sept 17 at the star Coast , with an excellent near the beach , museum and close to shopping User : I was actually just googling attractions Phoenix . do you offer flights there ? : No flights to Phoenix User : Ok lets go with that Mexico City package Wizard : Would like the price ? User : I have an uncapped but , ca n't hurt to know : 2317.74USD if you fly on business class User : How for class Wizard : 1834.55USD on economy class seating for the 8 day package User : Ok book it ! Wizard : I shall book it for you right away User : thank you User : Hello Wizard : Hello ! User : I ’ ve been recently graced with week s vacation allowance so I ’ m looking to see where should go . I ’ be departing from Rome I can my time off on or after September Wizard : Lucky you ! Do you have a budget in ? User : Not within reason . I haven ’ t taken a trip in a couple years so I ’ m not particularly Wizard : I see I can you trips to , Rio de , Campinas , Burlington or Belem Any of these interest you ? User : Ahh sure - can I hear some about Fortaleza Wizard : Sure ! In Fortaleza we have a 3 hotel 7.15/10 by guests . It is to a mall and offers free parking , free , and free wifi . User : Can you tell what the Burlington hotel would be like ? Wizard : It be a 2.5 hotel the heart of Burlington with 6.77/10 guest rating , free parking , and wifi . User : How about Belem with rating ? : You in luck ! In Belem we have a 4.5 star beachside hotel with 8.8/10 guest rating , free wifi , free breakfast , free parking . User : What s the price ? Wizard : 3043.42 you want fly business . 2373.56 if you to fly economy . User : Business please . Sounds good It is booked for you ! Anything else I can do for you today ? User : That ’ s about it- thanks so much ! User : Looking to go from San Francisco to MArseille . Book me for September 18 to 22 . Let me know if its more than 2800 because thats all I can afford Wizard : All available packages are over 3000 User : I need to book business trip - something impressive ... thinking… las vegas 3 adults me the best you can out of mannheim after september 11th Wizard : The best hotel in Las Vegas is a 3.0 star . Would you like to know more about this option or do you have another possible destination ? User : Try Fortaleza Wizard : The best in Fortaleza is also a 3 star hotel User : ? Wizard : We do have a better option in Fukuoka . It 's a 3.5 star hotel in the of the city guest ratings of 8.22/10 . Is this better ? User Las Vegas to Mexico City for 7 Wizard : I have packages ranging from 8 days to 12 days , any preference ? User : I prefer the one that lands us a stay at a five star hotel Wizard : Highest rated hotel I have available in Mexico City is a 3.5 star : Lets try then Wizard Highest rated hotel I have in Rome is a 4 . Are you inetrested in these ? User : You a hotel for us in Fortaleza Wizard 3 star is our highest in Fortaleza User : Hello . I need Paris to Barcelonna Sept 18 to 22 Wizard : Do you have budget ? User : 2900 Wizard : No sorry ! User : 6 adults to Rosario from Toluca it needs be impressive We a 4.0 hotel near shopping with a guest rating 8.86/10 , wifi , and free . How does that sound ? : When it leave Wizard : It 's 18 days from September 4-21 . User Can t leave until 16 September Wizard I nothing available in that case then . Is there anther city you can go to ? User : Check Porto Alegre Wizard : Porto I 've a 3.5 star hotel next to shopping , a university and a mall . It 's got 9.16/10 guest rating , free and . User : Tijuana first : Not really . The best we have is a 3 hotel with 7.15/10 rating . User go with Porto . So that ’ s 6 adults , business class . Wizard : Sure ! You are booked for 8 days from the 21st to the 28th on business flights for 12306.59 . User : Done . Thanks User : get me to from Toronto Wizard : ? User : whenever I decide to roll onto Wizard : No budget ? User : don ’ t be silly , of : Our best package is a hotel , business class flight , park , and palace nearby , 8.49/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast and wifi , from September 10th to 21st , for 2683.18 . User : Surely you can find me a five in Marseille right Wizard : We have a 4 star hotel near palace , 8.69/10 guest rating , spa and free wifi , 17th to 23rd , business flight , for 2952.88 . User : Yeah me on that Wizard : Done . Have a great ! User : I have a vacation starting next week , can hardly contain my excitement Getting out of Petersburg for 12 days will be . What kind of destinations do you ? Wizard : How many will you be ? User : We will be one : I several destinations . May I suggest Rosario It is very popular the moment . User : Could you get something on or after Sept 8 ? Wizard : Are you able to leave on 4 ? User : Unfortunately my vacation does n't start until Sept 8 Wizard : I have a Sept 10 to Rosario with an 18 day stay at the Sunway Hostel . User : I really wish could ! But no I do n't think I do that Wizard : Okay we are going to have to forget about Rosario then . Brazil ? User : I 'm down for Brazil ! Wizard : How about Denver ? I have a day package that departs on 9th and returns on the 20th . 4 star hotel , wifi User : My only complaint about Denver is that its a little too close to home . And that I hate the local sports team there . Do you have other options for me ? : For dates , Denver or Burlington User But those are my only two ? yes only 2 on those dates : Ok 'll suck up and go to Denver how 's the hotel ? i know its 4 star but is it near anything nice Wizard : I have no information on the location User : How does the trip cost ? Wizard : It has a very good guest rating of 8.69/10 and price is 792.61USD User : Oh true , I 'm really glad you me the guest rating . I think that gives me the to book then Wizard : I can process the booking for you now would like User : Yes do that Wizard : Thank for your booking and enjoy your weekend User From between Sept 6 and 11 , I ’ m break . Leaving from Columbus Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : 4800 Wizard : We have a package to Santo Domingo , Hamburg , Berlin , and Nagoya . User : How ’ s the hotel in Nagoya ? Wizard : 3 stars however has 5 star hotels . User : Ooh tell me more Wizard : About the star hotels in Berlin ? User : What are the key differences between them ? Wizard The Sanctuary has a 8.8/10 guest rating , is near a museum 3995.31 for business flights and 3104.78 for economy . The Golden Crown Hotel has a 8.49/10 rating , is near a museum cathedral , 3976.10 for business flights and 3085.49 for economy . Both hotels offer free breakfast and wifi and are from September 8th to 11th . User the Sanuary holds the edge then . lets book it , class : ! Your package is booked ! Enjoy your ! User : Thank you ! User : im broke but wan na dip out of north vancouver : If you give me your budget , where you would like to go , and when you would like to go , I 'll see what I can do . User im broke ok : Alright . The cheapest out North Vancouver I can get you , unbelievable as it sounds , is a 9 day trip to San Juan for 127.38 . User : ok well i can swing bucks . anything else ? Wizard : Nope , can still get you to Juan Although you can choose to stay 9 or 10 days and afford to fly business class if you 'd . User : uyeah ok well i wan na go for 10 days then in case Wizard : Alright , a 10 days stay + flights San will be 189.83 . Would you like me to book it ? User : yes book Wizard : Done ! You are getting out of North Vancouver slightly_smiling_face : User : thanks ur dope User 7 business class to City Wizard : Where are you leaving from ? User : Las Vegas Wizard : When do you want to leave ? User : Anytime really Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : But what matters to us is we ball at star hotels , get snapped by the paps , and rub shoulders with the stars . no obviously Wizard : We do any 5 star hotels available . User What about in Chicago then ? Wizard : None here either . User : ? ? Wizard : There are no 5 star hotels here either . User : anyway User : I wan na go to Wizard : Where are leaving from ? And do you want ? User : I can from Tokyo ? And I wan between 30th and September 14th Wizard : I do a 15 day package for you in Philadelphia ! It is a 2.0 star hotel near the park and museum . It has a guest rating of 6.61/10 and offers free , wifi , and breakfast . User : Can you book it for 5 Wizard : Yup ! 5 it will be 17611.29 in class and 22931.80 in business class . User : Ok - do you also have an availability in San Francisco by any chance ? ? Wizard : , I have a 2.5 star hotel near a museum . It has 6.91/10 guest rating and free , wifi , and breakfast . We offer 9 or 8 day packages there . User : Better than Phili hmmm ok let ’ s book that for 5 ! Wizard : Would you want to go 8 9 days ? On business or economy flights ? : I 'll take 9 days Whats the price difference in flights Wizard : 17834.48 business class and 13805.86 for economy class . User : Ahhh ok economy class please Wizard : Alrighty it is ! Anything ? User : Nope ! Thanks ! User : Can you get 4 men out of Sacramento between the dates of August 31 to September 20 Wizard : I help you that Can you please tell me where you would like to go ? User : Curitiba sounds its popping this year Wizard : I have two choices in Curitiba , one is on the , the other near the museum and the market you a budget for this trip User : We 16400 saved up ! Wizard : For that budget , I can send you to the Crown Market Palace for 17 days and you can be right the beach . User : How many stars this joint got ? Wizard : 3.5 stars with a guest rating of 8.22/10 . Your breakfast is also in your 17 day stay as is you wifi and parking . User : But can you check Cancun out for a better potentially Wizard : All my hotels in Cancun are either 3 stars or 3.5 stars User : is the star hotel on the beach ? Wizard : No , near a cathedral User : Ok get us that Market Palace then Wizard : Departure Sept and return on the 18 . It has been booked , enjoy ! User : Thanks bro ! : HI SO NEED TO GO TO I WILL LEAVE ATLANTA AND I WILL TRAVEL BETWEEN SEPTEMBER 13TH AND 25TH IT ? ? ? Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : NO I DONT Wizard : How many people are travelling ? User : ME ALONE Wizard : We have a 5 star hotel , class , 9.16/10 guest rating , free wifi , market nearby , from September 20th to 23rd , 3229.86 . User : FINE DONE OK BOOK IT Wizard booked for Have a great day ! User : GREAT THANK U : Seoul Beach . 4 6 adults . 35400 Wizard : When would like to ? User : Times don ’ t matter Wizard : We have a 2.5 star hotel near the airport . It has 6.91/10 rating , free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi . We 6 day or 8 day packages with business or flights well under budget . User : Anything better ? If it matters I can also up the budget by another 1000 Wizard : this is the only available hotel in Long Beach . User : Damn Long Beach , thats downright embarrassing But lets go with it You can fit all 10 of party on the same flight right ? Wizard : Sure can I can even fit all of you into business class if you 'd like . Would you like to go for 6 days 8 days ? User : Whats the price for 8 days , with business class ? Wizard : That would be . User : Sign the team up , pal Wizard : Consider it done . Have a great trip ! : I thank User Direct flight from san antonio to cancun , does that even exist ? Wizard : It does . Any date limitations User Sept 18 to 22 please Wizard : do not have any results within those dates User Greetings ... : Hi ! User : Run a lil binary scan there with your programy codey search enginge and find me a vacation out Vitoria ok ? I don ’ t particularly care where you send me ... I ’ m free to travel between the sixth of and the 26th Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : It is hundred dollars . Wizard : We have a 3.5 star hotel in 4 star hotel in Rome . : better . What is that hotel like Wizard : It is located shopping and cathedral , 8.8/10 guest rating and free breakfast and wifi . User : Sold . Price ? Wizard : 901.54 economy flights and 1058.90 for business flights . User : Business it is what a steal ! What are my travel dates ? Wizard : September 8th 25th . User : Perfect ! Thanks User : I want to fly from Kabul to denver . 10 adults We have no flights of Kabul , anywhere User HI . Get me to Sept 13-24 Leaving from wherever Wizard Will be travelling alone User : will travel alone Wizard : How many days were you planning on staying in Santiago ? User : 4 minimum Wizard : I have 8 and 12 day packages available . Which would you prefer ? User : Well how much money are they each ? Wizard : varies on the type of accommodations you are looking . Do you have a certain budget ? User : Yes , spend 1900 dollars Wizard : On a 8 day package that suits your budget in Santiago , have the Una casa available with a Sept 14 departure at a price 204.19USD : And is the hotel a park ? Wizard : It departs from Vitoria , Spain I hope this is suitable for you . The hotel is not near a but is near a museum . User : Museums not allow though . What can you get me in Osaka I can leave from anywhere -not just Vitoria Wizard have the perfect in Osaka for you at , if you can depart from Busan , South Korea . Are you able to swing that ? : Sure , I frequently travel to Busan . What are the hotel details ? Wizard : The 4 star Aquamarine Majesty Hotel , is located near a park and has a 8.69 / 10 guest rating . It includes free parking and free and departs n 16 and returns on Sept 19 . User : You ’ ve done a lovely job catering to my needs Thank you for that . Wizard : Will like me to proceed with the booking ? User : Yes please Wizard : Safe travels ! : Gracias ! User : . Send me Wizard Where will you be leaving from ? : Denver Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : And I 'm free 10 days starting the ninth of September FYI . No budget Wizard : Sorry , we no results within a 10 maximum stay . Is there somewhere you would to go ? User : Fine . Phoenix Wizard : We have star hotel for 9 days and 6 days , and also a 3 star hotel for 7 days . Do you have a preference ? : Tell me more about the 3 star Wizard : The Recreation Inn is a museum and the university , they have a 6.91/10 guest rating , and they also offer free breakfast , and User Ok What is the date that package ? : September 9th to 15th . User : And it be available for 7 adults ? Wizard it is ! User Great book it Wizard : Lovely ! Would you like business or ? User Business please . Wizard : Great ! package comes 7321.30 . Have a great trip ! You will receive confirmation shortly ! User : Thanks User : Hi , I 'd like to book trip to Punta Cana . Wizard : Great , where are you coming from ? User : I 'll be departing from . I be booking two people Wizard : Would you have a more idea of which you to leave and return by ? User : I 'd like to leave sometime soon after September 7th for 14 days Wizard : The longest trips we have leaving after September 7th 9 trip starting from . Would interest ? User : about closer to the end of September ? Is the longest trip you have still only 9 days long ? Wizard : Yes , that is the longest trip we have to Cana . Close the end of the we have 8 day trip . User : , I curious about the 9 day trip starting from September 10th . How much would that cost ? Wizard : Business would cost 2072.62 and economy would cost 1553.57 . User Those are only two options you have ? Wizard : Yup : I 'm afraid that 's out of my budget . Could I book a flight to another destination instead ? Wizard : Sure ! Where you like to ? If you can also give me a idea of your budget , can help you find a more suitable trip . User : I 'd to go to Punta Cana with my husband for a maximum budget of 1300 . Wizard : Sorry , we do n't have any that works within your budget . However , we do have 8 day packages Punta Cana that suits your budget . User : Okay great , I 'm interested the day package to Punta that suits my budget then . What is the date of departure ? And how it cost ? Wizard : Great ! It leaves on the 7th and costs 736.30 if you fly economy and 982.30 you fly business User Oh I 'm afraid I ca n't leave on the 7th . Is there an 8 day package that leaves after the 7th ? Wizard : Sorry , nothing for Punta Cana . Do you have another city you would like to visit ? : Is a trip to Punta after the 7th that within my budget that is shorter than 8 days ? Wizard : Unfortunately no . : Is there anything similar for Punta Cana ? Wizard : , nothing that works with you budget . Is your budget flexible : No , it 's not . I 'm going to have a about it and decide I want later . But thanks for your help ! Wizard : You 're very welcome ! Good luck your search ! User : Heyaaa Wizard : Hi ! How can help you ? User : So me some need to take a little work trip from Wednesday until last Saturday . Wizard : would you like to go ? User : it is not a uniform decision ... 14 of us na go Valencia Beijing Wizard : So 14 adults altogether ? User : Yes , Wizard : Do you have budget User : Nope Wizard : There are no results . Is somewhere else you 'd like to go ? User : Could you send 6 adults to Vitoria ? Wizard : Unfortunately not . User : Can you send one person literally anywhere from Beijing ? : 7 people or 15 people ? User : one Wizard : Sorry , I thought you said one more . No I ca n't , there are no results within your requested dates User : london to punta Wizard : How many and many children ? : 1 man : What would be your ideal travel dates ? User september 12 unitl 28th Wizard : Are these flexible at all ? User : i could leave 7th of sept Wizard : Anything in particular you would like me to look for in a hotel ? User : nice please Wizard : Best I have is the El Mar which is a 2.5 star hotel , located on the beach : how much money Wizard : Would you prefer to fly economy or business ? User : economy Wizard : 747.73USD for a day package on economy class User : wow great deal . how much for business Wizard : 998.8USD for a 6 day package based on business class that is great . please book it for me Wizard : I will go ahead and do that for you ! User great thanks User hi . I need to do some soon I want to go to Munich maybe Wizard Hello ! would you like to go ? User : and leave from Munich . between Sept 20 and September 28 Wizard : Do you have a budget ? : no Wizard : How people will be traveling from Munich to Munich ? User : oh wait I leave from alone ! Wizard : We have one result but I you 'll like it . User : ok tell about please Wizard : is a 6 day stay at the Jade Harbor , a 5 star hotel . They offer a spa and free wifi also . The are from September 20th to 25th . business class flights the package would cost 930.47 and for economy class flights package would cost 698.00 User WOW that sounds beautiful ! is the hotel to ? Wizard : My database did me this information User : ahhh . I have a different trip in mind too what about Sao Paulo from Monterrey ? Wizard : There 's a 2 star hotel near a cathedral and theatre , and free parking , breakfast and wifi . There is a 9 day stay and a 5 day stay . User not as nice as Munich can you book Munich package for 5 adults ? & gt ; Wizard : Unfortunately we not book for 5 . ah dang . well I wan na book that anyway I 'll leave my coworkers to do their own book Munich for one please Wizard : Business or economy ? User : Business Wizard : Great ! Your trip is booked ! Have fun and safe travels ! User : HI I TO GO ON VACATION I LIVE IN WASHINGTON WHERE I GO Wizard : How much you to spend on vacation ? User : 3300 DOLLARS Wizard : For one person ? User : YEAH Wizard : Are you looking for luxury hotel something low key ? User : I WANT TO BE PAMPERED Wizard : As far as pampering goes , I have a lovely property in Paris , France available for 18 days . The 4 star Queen 's Jungle Hotel , is located near the museum and cathedral with available nearby . It also use of wifi lovely free breakfast . : OH OK SOUNDS NICE WHAT IS THE PRICE Wizard : Would like to travel on business class ? User : YEAH OK Wizard : 2472.61USD for your 18 day package User : WHERE ELSE COULD I GO THO Wizard : Are you interested in a beach vacation ? User : OF COURSE ! Wizard I have the Rose Sierra Hotel available in Santo for 19 days located on the beach and to shopping for 1363.47USD via business class . User WHAT IS THE HOTEL RATED Wizard : It is 3 star hotel with a guest rating of 7.06 / 10 and included free use of wifi , a parking spot and breakfast also free of charge User : IT CHEAPER THAN THE PARIS ONE OR MORE EXPESNIVE Wizard : Paris , France is 2472.61USD for your 18 day package Santo is 1363.47USD for your 19 day package , both based on business class travel User : OK IS THERE ANYWHERE ELSE I GO THOUGH ? ? ? Wizard : I have 2 . one Santos and the other in Recife . User : ARE THEY HIGH RATINGS ? ? Wizard : is a 4 star rating , with a 8.49/10 guest rating User : I LIKE PARIS MORE CAN U BOOK PARIS FOR ME Wizard : have taken care of that for you will forward . Thank you booking your holiday User : HEY Wizard Hi ! How can I help you ? User : can you book a trip out of Beijing for a bunch dudes ? Wizard : Possibly how many people ? User : like 23 Wizard : Big crew ! Where would you like to ? User : for real though . ahh maybe Cairo Wizard : From will you be departing ? User : beijing bruh Wizard : Ah yes . Apologies . Do have a budget ? User : nah we throwing money away this Wizard : Do you have dates in mind ? User : 6-9 Wizard : There are no results from beijing returning on the . User : Hi there , I 'd like to book a trip to Denver please Wizard : Sure thing ! Where from and when ? : From Houston . Ideally on Monday September 12th , but my dates are flexible Wizard : How many are you for ? : adult and 7 children : And do you have a budget mind User : Yes , 'd spend no more 4500 Wizard : Perfect , our best package that works for you a 13 day stay at a 3.0 star hotel with 8.86/10 guest rating by a park . We also have two other 3 hotels in Denver one with 8.69/10 guest rating , and the other with 0/10 guest rating . Would like to hear more about any of these options ? : Actually , I was about a stay under ten days Wizard We n't any trips to Denver from Houston 10 days . Would want to try another destination ? User : Sure , the other destination was thinking is Rio de Wizard We also do not offer any trips under 10 days to de Janeiro Can I help you search for trips in another city ? User Yes sure , do you have any trips for New York ? Wizard : In New we offer 6 day packages and day packages . Do interest you ? User Yes , I 'm for package leaves either or after Monday , September 12 and returns on Wednesday September 21 at the latest Wizard : Great ! I have a 6 day package that perfectly for you ! It is at a 2.5 star hotel September 12-17 . The accommodation is rated 8.22/10 by guests and is conveniently located close to the airport and a museum . User : Are those the only options you have ? Wizard : are correct . User : great , how much would cost ? Wizard : 4195.31 for all of you ! User : Great , I 'll take it ! Thanks for all your help ! Wizard : My absolute pleasure ! I will book this trip for you . out for an email confirmation coming your way ! september 6th-9th my start-up colleagues I want to get out Tofino into Maceio . 's available ? : you a budget ? User nah Wizard : How many people travelling altogether User : Wizard : are no results for this , sorry . User : WELL . 11 people to Belo Horizonte then Wizard : There no results for this either . Are you able to from else ? User NO . we can go anywhere else though Wizard : There are no flights out of Tofino . User : HEY . I need to get to Mannheim out of Nagoya . I wan na leave Sept 18th Wizard : How many people are travelling together User : I travel alone Wizard : have a 9 day stay and a 15 day stay available in Mannheim User ’ s the price ? Wizard : 15 = and a departure of Sept 23rd and lasts 9 = 3547.22USD and has a departure date of Sept 18 User : are those both at the hotel ? what is the hotel like ? ? \ Wizard : Same 5 star hotel The Regal Resort , just different dates Wifi is included and there is spa on the premises . User : Do you know if its close to anything ? ? Wizard : 's a park User : they have pokestops at parks so that s GOOD NEWS ! what if I went to though .. whispers mewtwo appearing there .. Wizard : Are you trying to stay within a certain budget ? User : yeah . 3900 dollars Wizard : Okay I the Una casa a 3 star hotel near a museum includes breakfast and wifi for 2995.44USD on a 10 day User : i would rather be near the park than the museum ... so Mannheim Wizard Should I book the day package Mannheim for you then ? User : yeah lets do that PLEASE Wizard : That has been booked for you , a great stay in Mannheim User : thanks , friend User me and incredibly fun friends wan na get to phoenix from our homes in Hiroshima 12800 Wizard : How many people will be travelling User : 4 Wizard : What are your preferred dates for ? User we off school for 10 days . september until the 18th so as long as we can hit PHO we will do ittt Wizard : The only result we have is 3 star hotel near museum and university 6.91/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast , and wifi , from September 8th to 14th , economy flights , and the total price for this package booked for 4 comes to 10317.60 User : a omg no also we are trying to get away school not go hang out at one well what if we went to can you find us something more Wizard The museum is just an attraction , you do n't have to go . There is a 2.5 star hotel in Osaka , near a museum . User : bleh I need something on the beach or with a or something Wizard : Is there place you have in mind ? User : do you mean ? way Wizard A different destination . There are no beaches near the in Osaka or Phoenix . User : oh . . bye User : Yes please , I 'd like to book a to Kobe . Wizard : What a great place to go ! Where is your party from ? User : It 's just going to be me . I 'll be coming from Monterrey . Wizard : We have a great range of offerings for you . you tell me a bit about your desired travel dates budget so I can narrow down the choices ? : I 'd to travel sometime between Wednesday September 7 and Saturday September 17 . My budget is flexible but affordable would be great . Wizard : Sounds good ! We offer 10 day trips at a 3.5 star hotel and 5 or 6 day at 3.0 star . you like to know more about these options ? User : please ! Wizard : The 3.5 star hotel has a guest rating of 8.69/10 and offers free . The star hotel has a rating 6.91/10 , is located close to a park , and offers free breakfast and free wifi . User : How much does each package ? Wizard : For the 10 day trip at the 3.5 star hotel we offer the economy package at 3753.26 and the package at 4846.37 . For the 3.0 star hotel , we offer trips for the price : economy for 3287.18 and business for 4261.75 . User they sound pretty good But I 'm also curious about other destinations and I 'd like to keep my options open . Wizard : Sure thing ! What did you have in ? User : I was also wondering about a trip to Kochi . Same dates and same city of departure . Wizard : Okay , for Kochi we have a 3.5 star hotel at the the city and close to a park , where we offer 8 packages . We also have a 2.5 star hotel also at the heart of the city and close to a market and a park we offer 12 day packages . User : How much would the 8 day package cost ? Wizard : It would on economy seats , 4834.43 on business seats . User : That sounds good , but may I ask about another destination please I 'm also thinking about going to Cancun . Wizard : In Cancun we have a 3.5 star hotel to a cathedral . It would be 751.38 for the economy package and 871.19 for the business . User : How many days would that be ? Wizard : would a 10 trip from September 8-17 User : I 'm also thinking about a trip to BA . Wizard : We have or 7 day trips at a star hotel and 7 day trips at 3.0 star hotel . Which would you like more about ? User : I 'll the 4 star hotel trips : Perfect ! This hotel is guest rated 8.69 / and perfectly situated the heart of the city close to park . While there , you can enjoy free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi For 10 day trips , we offer the package for 2699.60 and the business for 3464.53 . For 7 day trips , we offer the economy package for 2192.91 and the business package for 2814.27 . User : Oh also sounds very good . I 'd like to choose the trip Cancun for 10 days . Wizard : Great ! Would you like to for the economy package for 751.38 or the business package for 871.19 ? : The business package please Wizard : Consider it done ! Anything else I can for you today ? User : No , that 's perfect . Wizard : You 're very welcome : slightly_smiling_face : User hello i need get to Kyoto after the 12th of September . am leaving from Mexico City Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : and it is very I be near possible locations for mewtwo ? ? i am with 3 other adults and all together we have 23700 dollars Wizard : have a 3 star hotel near a museum and in the of the city . User : how long can we stay there on our budget ? and whne do ? ? Wizard : You can stay for 9 days from September 22nd to 29th . User : you mean you ca n't me there any sooner ? ? ? Wizard : The earliest flight is the 16th it 's a day stay to the 9th . User : ok what ? ? ? 16th to the ? ? ? Wizard : 19th . User : . I 'd like to stay a little longer than that ... can you something suitable in Ciudad Juarez ? ? cause there is possibility that could be there too : We have an 8 day stay the 17th 23rd in Kyoto . User : oh that sounds ok. what is that hotel ? ? ? what is it near ? ? ? Wizard : It is also a 3 star hotel and is near a museum to my database . : ah ok. but I still wan na check on Ciudad Juarez please Wizard : We have 10 day stay from the 14th to 23rd a 3.5 star hotel near a palace . User : A PALACE how much would that package be ? ? ? : 4176.20 . User : UNDER BUDGET ! ! yeah yeah yeah do it ! Wizard : Great ! price given for business class , is this okay User yeah course ! ! Wizard : Great ! The hotel also offers parking and wifi , with complimentary . I will book this package for you and you will receive a confirmation email shortly . travels ! User : RULE User : Me and my terrific wife actually getting married Porto and wan na honeymoon in Montreal Wizard : would you like to depart on your honeymoon User : any time after the wedding on the 20th Wizard : I have no from Porto Alegre to Montreal User : PATHETIC . can you book something in Brasilia instead ? ? Wizard : That is not available either : YOU ARE RUINING MY MARRIAGE User : buddy . i have some work to do looking to domesticate a savage little tea cup yorkie in Pittsburgh I am available between the 12th and 19th of I can leave from wherever , so long as it costs me under 3700 bucks Wizard How many people are travelling and are you looking for anything specific a ? User : need access to a dog park . and i will be travelling by myself : I have 2 hotels in Pittsburgh available and they are both located near the park . User : saWEEEET . When ? details ? Wizard : The Sunny Wolf Inn & Suites 2.5 hotel located near a park and museum , offering wifi , parking and breakfast as part package . Mountain Inn is also a 2.5 star hotle located near a park offering , parking breakfast as part of the package . The Sunny Inn & Suites has guest rating at 10 . User : Sunny Wolf Inn sounds splendid ! what would the dates of travel be ? Wizard : Do you prefer to 8 or 9 days ? User : either is fine , so long as is between 12th of September . and under dollars Wizard The Sunny Wolf Inn & Suites meets your exact requirements for a Sept departure with a return date of Sept 19 , a total of a 9 package at 3066.76USD economy . User : that would be quite ideal.However , before we rush into that , there is a Tibetan in Ulsan with some serious people issues that is deparate for my assistance Wizard : Should I with booking ? User can look into Ulsan packages for me please ? No- booking yet Wizard : I nothing near a park in but there are hotels near the palace . : oh dear I don ’ t think that will be suitable . how about Naples ? could you send me there ? Wizard : I 'm finding nothing for your specifications User : They could just be near a park and I would be happy Wizard : I meant there 's no park ! User : ahh , ok. it seems that Pittsburgh is my only viable option let ’ s book the higher guest rating hotel with in Pittsburgh Wizard : So I confirm a reservation for the Sunny Wolf Inn & Suites , located near park , for a 9 day stay departing on Sept 12 and returning on Sept 19 at 3480.49USD Correct User : Wonderful ! thank you kindly User : So I need 5 star hotel for 7 adults in Manaus ASAP . Departing from Queenstown Make it happen Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : : unamused : No Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : ASAP means as soon as possible .... just so you know Wizard : There are no results from Queenstown User : Queenstown to Stuttgart then : There are no results from Queenstown . User : You 're useless huh Ok check Detroit . Wizard : We have of these flights leaving from Queenstown . The flights we have available for 7 people leaving from Queenstown are package to Minneapolis , Punta Rosario , and Porto Alegre . User : FAMILY VACATION ALERT . ha-ha , dad of the here ! bringing my 6 little offspring to see their mother in London we would like leave from our hometown of Brasilia dates are flexible , as is budget ( 7 people is gon na get pricey I would assume ) how can ya help me out Wizard : I might be able to . would you like to leave and/or return ? User : dates are flexible , as I 've said Wizard : There are no from Brasilia to . Are you able to go to a different destination ? User : can go to Mexico City and make our way to London from there but I can handle that , you just check Brasilia to Mexico City for us please Wizard : How long would you like to be in Mexico City ? The shortest trips available are from the 20th 24th , 8th to 12th all inclusive trip , 11th 24th to . User : oh it does n't matter really , but the trips would probably be more suitable so we head to London sooner . what are the hotel details from the 8th the 12th ? Wizard : The all inclusive 6 day from the 8th to 12 is a 3.5 star hotel a , mall , shopping , and museum The cost of this package is 13056.42 . cheapest package is 8829.81 for the 7th 11th and 24th to 28th packages . This is a 3 star hotel the beach , mall , and shopping . User : what a beauty I 'm smitten please proceed with booking Wizard : Which package would you like to book ? User : the cheap one from the 7th to 11th Wizard Awesome ! I will book this package for you your kids You will receive a confirmation soon regarding payment as more details your trip ! Safe travels ! User : Thank you , Wizard : Anytime ! User : HI . vacation please 5300 for and I leave from Pittsburgh I go to anywhere Wizard : Do you a preferred date of departure ? User : no i can take vacation time whenever : I can get you cities in Mexico and San Juan User : mexico . what cities Wizard : La Paz or Ciudad Juarez User : What is the La Paz like Wizard In La Paz , I have the Echo , available for days , a 4 star hotel with 8.98 / 10 user rating . which includes free wifi , parking and breakfast . User : this sounds very beautiful can i hear Ciudad Juarez package to compare ? In Ciudad Juarez , I have the Vertex , available for 8 days , it is a 3 star hotel with a 8.86/10 user rating which includes free wifi , parking , breakfast . This one a Sept departure , the one in La Paz Sept departure . User : is Juarez hotel on the beach ? Wizard : Neither is on the beach User : ah ok. well I would prefer La Paz . Let book that . Wizard : I proceed with the to La Paz . Enjoy ! User : thank great User : AM IN WANT TO GO TO Wizard : When ? User : SEPTEMER 12 SEPTEMBER 27 Wizard : Do a ? : NO Wizard : How many will be traveling ? User : ME Wizard : We have a 3.5 star hotel and star hotel . Do have a preference ? User : 4 STAR DUH Wizard : Great ! This is a star hotel a they have a 8.98/10 guest rating , and they offer free wifi . This package is from September 15th to 26th The price of this package if would like business class seats is 829.74 and would rather have class seats the price would be 729.45 . User : wow very impressive . WORKS FOR ME LETS BOOK BUSINESS PLEASE THANKS Wizard : No problem ! Your package is booked ! Have a great day keep eye out for a confirmation email regarding your package ! User : Hi there , I 'd like to book trip from Boston please . Wizard : Where are headed how do you want to be there ? User I 'd be in going to Essen : Great , when would you like to go and how much are you planning spending ? User : I 'd like to trip anytime between Friday 16 and Tuesday September 27 . Wizard Unfortunately , I ca n't get anything in Essen . Do you have any other places you 'd like me to help you search ? User : , about Burlington ? : We have a few options in Burlington that could work for you . One is a 11 day at a 3 hotel , the is a 7 day stay at a 2.5 hotel . Which one would you prefer ? User : How much does each cost ? Wizard : 11 days , it will be 962.75 flying economy and 1141.57 flying business . For 7 days , will be 848.49 flying economy and 1018.47 flying business . User : Could you please tell me about trip packages to Calgary ? Wizard : We have 7 day trip to Calgary at a star hotel . It 's 673.40 for economy and 897.78 for . Indeed ! Do you have any questions about any particular option ? User : Yes I do ! For the 11 day stay in Burlington , that 's Friday September 16 to Tuesday September , right ? Wizard : It 's from September 17-27 . User : Okay , fine ! I 'd like to book that trip , please . Flying economy . Wizard : Great ! I have confirmed your reservation $ 962.75 . Have a great trip ! User : Thank you ! User : hello i am going to go to baltimore some time between september 10th and september Wizard : will you leaving from ? User : cleveland Wizard : Do have a budget ? User : i will spend whatever i need to Wizard : Will you be travelling alone ? User : yes i am alone Wizard : We have one result . It is day stay from September 12th to 20th at a 3 star hotel . The hotel has a 7.06/10 guest rating and they offer free parking and wifi as well as complimentary breakfasts . The business flights in the package would put the price to 838.20 , for economy flights the price is 717.52 . User : thank you User : my friend i am going to a vacation . but i want to go places i unsure where i shall go i will vancouver you tell about Athens ? what is available Wizard Are you just 1 adult ? User : that is right ! Wizard : When you like to take your vacation ? User : I can go from the until the end of September Wizard : I have some places for you in Athens . Do you have a maximum money to spend ? User : Nope ! No max ! Wizard : I have 15 days at the Lunar Jewel Lodge a 3 star hotel with a price tag of 4892.34USD business class travel . User : What is the hotel like ? what is included ? Wizard : This is a simple hotel that includes free wifi and free parking : What do guests think of it ? Wizard : It seems to have no as of yet as the guest rating is 0/10 User : ah - not a risk I ’ m looking to take as of yet . What ’ ve you got available in Dublin ? Wizard : In Dublin , I have 2 options , one is a 2 star and the other a 2.5 star hotel . Does this interest you ? User No , not particularly . Let ’ look at Kochi : Grandiose Rose - days a 3.5 star hotel located in heart of the city and near a park It has a guest rating of / 10 User : When would I leave ? Wizard : Sept 11th returning Sept 19 User Any ? Wizard : wifi User : Ah ok. One last spot to check out : San Juan Wizard : I have an excellent choice San , the 4 star Fairyland - days close to the museum and market and of shopping in surrounding . Includes wifi and has a guest rating of 8.98 / 10 . User : oh that ’ s great . definitely best rated hotel no free breakfast tho Wizard No , just wifi User that is ok. what cost package ? : 1262.56USD if you take it on economy User : let ’ s go for business : 1561.79USD on business . Departure is Sept 14 and is on Sept 24 . Would you like me to go ahead and process the request ? User : spectacular book please User : Hey there . want you to entertain me I ca n't take any trips right .. but if I could would I be able to get to Belem for under $ 3900 ? I in Los Angeles Wizard : Yes you ! Our best package is a 4.5 star hotel near the beach , 8.8/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast , and wifi . This package from September 8th to and the prices are 2771.60 for economy flights and 3558.90 for business flights . User : I would also love to explore the surroundings of Would I ever be able to get with my mere 3900 Wizard : Yes , we have a lovely 4 star hotel near shopping hot spots , 8.49/10 guest rating , free breakfast and wifi , September to 23rd and the prices are 3726.61 for business flights and for flights . User : If only could get the days off .. I could be there today : sleepy : I have one other place tops my bucket list Vancouver What 've you got there ? Wizard : we have a 4 star near a , museum , and cathedral . This is a 12 day stay from September 11th to The hotel has a guest rating and offers free parking , breakfast , and wifi This would cost 1091.30 for business flights 926.52 for economy . User : Wow - cheap What a steal ! . Thanks for looking at my options for me , but for now I 'll just stuck here at work Wizard : No ! Come back when you are able to book a flight and I 'll get you package there is ! Have a great day ! User : HI there , I need to book a trip to La Paz . And I 'll be departing from Belem . Wizard : How many will you be ? User : We 'll be 4 adults and children . Wizard : there a strict budget must follow : I 'm willing to a of 15100 Wizard : With your budget I can get you spots an economy package a 4 star with free parking , free breakfast , free wifi . If you willing to increase your budget though , I can see if I can get any other options for you . User : How much does it cost with the economy ? And how many would be ? Wizard : For it would be 14111.28 8 days from Sept 8-14 . : If I willing to increase my budget by about $ 1500 what else can you find for me ? Wizard : Nothing better unfortunately . : Okay , I want to take the package you already mentioned , but what if I increase my budget by $ 1500 ? Wizard There is nothing more I can offer you with an increase of $ 1500 of your budget . Would you be to increase it more ? User : No , think the 8 day package at a 4 star should be good enough ! Wizard : Wonderful ! Would you like me to book it for your group of 10 ? User Yes please ! Wizard : 's taken care of for you ! Time to pack your bags : slightly_smiling_face : User you very much ! Wizard : The pleasure is all mine . User : hi . paris to curitiba on september 24 please i can spend dollars and must be home by 27th Wizard : Traveling alone ? User : yes Wizard : Sorry , there are no results showing for Paris and your return date . Are you able to change one of these User : Hey I think you can help me get from to Toronto right ? ? Wizard : I can ! Do you have budget ? User : Yea ! ! I travelling with 2 other trainers - we can spend up to 8600 dollars Wizard : you dates of travel in mind ? User : We wan na on the 18th of this month Wizard : We have a great 4 star hotel near the airport and a cathedral . This is a 10 day from September 26th to October 5th . the hotel has a 8.8/10 guest and they offer free and wifi . The will cost 6255.67 for business flights and for flights . User : I na leave a bit . Can we go sooner if we went to Cancun Wizard : I can you to Toronto from the 18th to 25th at a star hotel . User : Ok tell me more about that place Wizard It is near a cathedral , 9.16/10 guest rating , free breakfast and wifi , economy flights , the price is 7661.41 . User : Before go ahead with that can you still tell me whatcha got in Cancun ? ? I hear that Mewtwo might have spotted there more recently than Toronto .. Wizard : We have one at the Winter Vale Hotel available from September 21st to October 2nd . is a 4 star hotel , 9.16/10 guest rating , free wifi , breakfast , and parking . The total for this is 7910.35 There is also another availability at the same hotel but from September 20th to 28th for 6704.30 . User : Ok , thanks .. I the Toronto package is better though Cathedrals and old stuff like that are usually great pokestops Wizard : The hotel in Cancun is near a cathedral and university , if that makes a difference to you . : What ! ? How could you not have told me that ! Cancun it is ! Wizard : Apologies . Which would prefer , September 21st to October 2nd or September 20th to 28th ? User Oh ah the 21st to 2nd of Oct please . the you gave me right Wizard : I gave you both . The price September 21st to October 2nd is 7910.35 and for September 20th to 28th is 6704.30 : oh ok . Yes , that is fine as they are both in my budget 21st trip please Wizard : ! It is booked ! Have a great trip and good on your Pokémon hunt User : Thank you User : HI . I have to book my honeymoon … but I ’ getting married in Fukuoka a week from today ! ! Can you book something for two adults ? We aren ’ t going far , just Hiroshami Wizard : Will this be for adults ? User : Yes , rgiht Wizard : I can take care of booking your honeymoon for you . How much would you like to allocate to your trip ? User : We are on a tight budget . The wedding was costly We have 1100 dollars left Wizard You are in luck , we have a in Hiroshima within your budget at the Iceberg Resort for 9 with a departure of Sept 13 and a return date Sept 21 User : Oh god , I am blessed ! Can you tel lme what the hotel is ? Is highly rated ? Wizard : Well , it 's a 3 star hotel with a 7.15/10 guest rating and and breakfast . It is also located close to the museum . User : That is not at all . How much for two of us ? Wizard : via economy class flights User : Hey , sweet 200 bucks leftover ! Ok pal , its no 5 star palace , but its affordable ! Book that for two Wizard : Reservations have been taken care of , enjoy your honeymoon ! User : Thanks ! User : Hi there ! I 'm a nice getaway trip sometime between tomorrow and Monday 26 Wizard : That sounds wonderful ! Where are you coming from ? : I 'll be coming from Seoul and I 'm thinking about going to Curitiba Wizard : Will it be yourself ? User : No , it be me and my best friend . Wizard Perfect . We have quite a few range of offerings . Do you have a budget or do you just want to hear the best packages we have ? User : No budget , just give me the best you 've got Wizard : , our best vacation package is at a beachside hotel . In the past , guests have rated it 8.22/10 . While , you can access to free parking , breakfast , and wifi . We offer a 8 day stay there with business flights available . If you are interested , have 3 hotels available . User : You do n't have any with stars ? And only 8 days ? I prefer something longer ! Wizard : The 3.5 star hotel is the best available And we do offer trips up to 14 days . However , they will be at 3 star hotels Are you interested ? User : Huh I do n't know . Wizard : I giving you the best options in Curitiba . Would you like try another destination ? User let 's try Sydney . I want the best and I 've got like and a half weeks of free time . Wizard : looking ! I 've got a 4.0 star hotel with 8.86/10 guest rating . I can take you there for days on business . User : days only ? I was hoping for something longer Wizard : This is the only trip available Sydney . User : I think must be better then Wizard : I agree . you like to further explore some of the options in Curitiba ? User : I think I 'll take the beachside hotel deal for 8 days if that 's the best there is . Wizard : Sure ! It will be 12555.78 the business package . Would you like me to book it for you User I 'll take package Wizard Glad to help ! This is booked for you ! Hope you have a trip ! User : Thank you . User : I want to leave Kabul on or after Sept 6 please : We have no flight out of Kabul User : Well I will leave from Tel then Wizard : No Flights out of Tel Aviv either User : Hi . I just at work .... at the old computer desk Stuck dreaming about a better place than this one I have been wanting get out of Santa Cruz for ages now I have vacation days .. Wizard : , where would you want to go ? User : I really wan go to Minneapolis Wizard : Would you have a budget User Yeah .. I 3100 in my savings account . Wizard : Unfortunately there are no results this budget . Do you have second destination you were wondering about ? User : Would able to to Kobe maybe Wizard : Again , not within your budget . User : Hiroshima ? ? ? Wizard within your budget , sadly . User : hello . I have I need to check out a few cities im leaving essen and can only spend 2900 dollars , got it ? ? ? Wizard : Which city would you like us to check ? User punta cana : when would you like to go ? User : I ’ m free from the 13th until 21st of september Wizard : those dates we only have the La Estrella del Mar available , a still unrated hotel for 2825.61USD User : Unrated huh ? sketchy .. i dunno . check please Wizard : I have a 9 day available in Alexandria during your dates at the Bronze Inn & Suites , a 3 star hotel . It located near the university and has a price of 1607.40USD . User : What kind of user does it have Wizard : 8.86 / 10 ! User : that ’ s quite nice . do you have anything to that in Denver ? Wizard : We have the Brass Renaissance Resort , another 3 star rated hotel with a 8.86/10 guest rating located near the park at 1525.51USD : nice .. but which of them has the most amenities ? : They both have the same amenities with free wifi and free breakfast offered both but Bronze also provides you parking , you require it . User : oh ok. i wont renting a car so i dont care that how long is the package in denver Wizard : 10 days User : ok . I want denver please Wizard : Would you like an upgrade to ? User : how much ? is that within my budget ? : Your budget is $ 2900 and business class is $ 1931.76USD , you are well below it . User : oh wow - let ’ s do that then Wizard : Business class it is That trip has been booked you . Safe travels . User : awesome User : So I hear there are just AMAZING pork belly sliders at this food boutique . I reallllly wan na check out the foodie scene there ! Wizard : Sounds fun ! Where will be leaving from ? User : I 'll be in Calgary for the rest of this week and I 'm if I can get there for 4000 dollars Wizard : When is the earliest you can leave ? User I 'm free to go whenever Wizard : We have a 5 star option from 20th to and another option from September 18th to 22nd User : you tell me about them ? Wizard : 20th to 24th is at The Sapphire Time . The hotel is near a park , market , and theatre . They have a guest rating and offer parking and wifi . The price this package is . 18th to 22nd is at the Escape Cave . The hotel is near a park , mall , and shopping . They have a 8.8/10 guest and offer free parking and wifi also . The price of this package is 3505.18 , so little bit cheaper . User : Very detailed - I appreciated that.However , as much as I do love the , I also have to look at , as I also thoroughly enjoy the variety of available there For that one could you look for flights out New ? I think 'd be stopping back there before heading out Wizard : For Recife we have a 4 star hotel near park , 8.22/10 guest rating , free breakfast and wifi , September 13th to 24th , business flights are 3603.71 , and flights are 2800.81 . is The Glee . User : is n't bad .. but out the two I gon na pick Sapphire Time . book that one for me , would ya ? Wizard : ! This package will automatically be booked you confirm payment in the confirmation email just sent to you . Have a nice day and enjoy the trip ! User Great , thanks a bunch : smile : User : Hi there ! Hi there , I 'm to book a trip from Tel Aviv , but I 'm still undecided about destinations . I have a couple of places in mind though . Wizard : I 'm very sorry to inform you that we not offer flights Tel Aviv . Can you leave from any other ? User : Long Beach Horizonte September eighth Wizard : is there any flexibility on your date User : sure Wizard : Regretfully we do not have flight packages from Long Beach to Belo Horizonte : Seattle please leaving Wizard : Sorry but we do not do flights out of Jerusalem at this time Is there somewhere else you are able to flight out from ? User : pokemon hunter extraordinaire here . get and my fellow trainer Phili from Recife ! ! ! we can next tuesday Wizard : Do you a budget ? User : yeah . 67 hundred dollars : How many people altogether ? User : two Wizard We have two results the same hotel . We have a day from September 13th to 25th , business and economy options are available . Business flights are 6412.89 , economy flights are 4982.32 also have an 8 day stay September 25th to October 1st , this only available for economy flights and the is 5878.84 . The hotel is 2 stars is near a park and , has a 6.61/10 guest rating and free parking , breakfast , and wifi . User : hmmm ok. what could i get in santo domingo cause that ’ s supposed to be like a mewtwo breeding ground ! Wizard : We have one from 22nd to October 3rd . a 3 star hotel near the beach and shopping . The hotel has a 7.06/10 guest and offers free parking breakfast , and wifi . The business flight option is 4729.36 and economy flight option is 3723.60 . User : the package on the 13th to Philadelphia sounds better . longer I get to go hunting as soon as I can book economy class , got it ? Wizard : Got it ! You can confirm your trip opening the email sent to you . Have a great day and enjoy the trip ! User : Hi there , I 'd like to book a trip ! Wizard : Hi I 'd happy to help with that . Where are you from and where would you like to go ? : I have n't really decided destination yet . We 're leaving from Buenos Aires and we 're looking for nice family vacation . Wizard : I see ! How many will you be ? And when would you be available to travel ? User : Oh it 's going to be a huge family vacation , so we be 5 adults 7 ! We 're looking for something between Monday September 12 and Monday September . Wizard : sounds very nice ! Do you want me to stay under certain budget ? User : Yes please would be great . do n't want spend any more than $ 29 , 400 total Wizard : That reasonable , since there are lot of options , I will throw a few cities at you . Let me know if any of these catches your eye : Pittsburgh , Santos , Denver , San Diego , La Paz , Boston , and Sao User : Oh wow they all sound so Which ones are the affordable ? Wizard : The options I have presented are the longest best trips that make the most of your . However , shorter trips would be more . you like to find the most trips for you instead ? User : Oh I 'll see what the longest and best trips are ! Please tell me about them . Let 's start with San Diego Wizard : Maybe Santos , La Paz , or Sao Paulo might interest you . Of course I can run searches for shorter trips and perhaps get a few more available if you like . User : Let 's try La Paz ! Wizard : Nice choice ! In La Paz we offer you an 8 day stay at a 4.0 star hotel with free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi . User : Ooh sounds nice ! How much would that in the end Wizard : It would be 22481.6 for economy and 28631.92 for business . User Wow that sounds really good ! What are the departure return of this trip ? Wizard : This runs from Sept 13-19 . User That 's perfect . Could you please book that for me for economy ? : Sure thing ! It is all for you Stay in tune for an email confirmation with all the details . User Thank you so Wizard : It 's my absolute pleasure ! Anything else I can do for you today ? User : Nope 's all good Have a nice day ! User : I am SO with my job right . I wan na take a nice two week vacation and getting out of Rome what could you get me in Curitiba ? Wizard : Rome to Curitiba , let me see ... nothing . User : ok ..... well I 'd settle on Essen Wizard : Rome to Essen , nothing available either . User : you are a disgrace . what about in St. Petersburg ? Wizard : I for the inconvenience . also do not have anything from Rome to Petersburg . User : I have clients to meet with Rome , I to travel some time soon - anytime , any price . : Where will you need to leave from ? User : I can leave from Berlin Wizard : anyone else going to be travelling with you ? User : No , I alone Wizard The best package I offer is at Double Pastures , a 4 star hotel near cathedral , 8.98/10 guest , free wifi , from September 11th to 23rd , flights for 911.50 , and economy flights for . User : Ideal . Book business flights please Wizard : Great ! It is booked Have a great day User : You ’ re great User : Let me tell about the succulent oysters I had time I was Kingston .. I trying to get though , and to from Stuttgart For 4300 dollars Wizard : Is Kingston your destination ? User Yea Wizard : can help you with . I have several choices in Kingston . How many people will be travelling to Kingston from Stuttgart ? User I 'm ; me focus on my sensitive pallet Wizard : My hotels in Kingston go up to 4 stars and length of between 4 days and ten days . User : Higher stars are my preference , heart the city near a market helps too . Usually to good restaurants Wizard : I have the Ebony Manor Inn & Suites , a 4 star hotel which is close to the museum available for 10 days or I the Cosmos which is 2.5 star hotel located the heart of the city available for 7 days . User : Cosmos Inn sounds like a better location Wizard : It also includes free breakfast , parking and wifi and has a user of 6.37/10 User : However I would love to hear about San Juan 's accommodation offerings . Wizard : I have with a star rating and a great location near the museum , shopping and the food market at for a 6 day stay . User : Heyy that awesome ! What 's the difference between that one Kingston package in the heart the city ? Wizard : The Cosmos Inn in is 1225.8USD for 7 day stay , so about half the . User : Hmm but yea , San Juan is a little more ... Can we book that one ? Wizard : Yes of course ! User : ok_hand : knife_fork_plate : User : i want to go to toluca from burlington ok Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : yes 2600 Wizard : When would you like to your endeavour ? User : September sixth . But dates are flexible Wizard : Sorry my results tell me that there are no availabilities to Toluca . User : what about for Wizard : The budget is fine , it 's just the destination that is unavailable . Is there another place you go ? : oh . : want to go to Fukuoka I want to from Kabul . Wizard Alright , do you have ? User : 3100 dollars Wizard : When would you like leave ? User September 6th Wizard : There are no results from Kabul to your destination is there a different city you can from User : Hi , I 'm looking book a flight to Berlin please . Wizard : Where will you be coming from ? User : Birmingham Wizard : When would you like to go ? User : Ideally sometime between Tuesday September 13 and Wednesday September 28 . Wizard : Okay last question , will be going or with others ? User Nah just me . Wizard : Great , we have two fantastic 5 star hotels in waiting for you ! We offer day or 15 packages . these interest you ? User : Yes please ! Are they fairly affordable ? Wizard : They are ! For the 15 day package , we have business for 1608.47 and the economy package for . The 14 package is slightly more User : The 14 day package is more expensive than the 15 day package one Wizard : . The 14 day trip is 2752.48 for business and 2167.74 for economy . User : Oh wow that 's odd . What are the departure and return dates for the 15 day package then ? Wizard : The day trip is from Sept 14-28 . User : Wow that sounds great . What else can tell me ? Wizard : Sure ! The hotel has an average guest rating of 8.49/10 and is conveniently located near a and a cathedral . During your stay , you can breakfast wifi free of charge . User : Wow , that 's ! said this was a 5 star hotel right ? Wizard : Yup User : That perfect . I 'll take it ! : Awesome ! I process the booking for you . Once confirmed , you will receive a confirmation via email . User : That excellent , thank you very much ! Wizard : You very welcome ! User : . I ’ a normal girl just like everybody else , I just wan na go to Monterrey ok ? ? Wizard : Hi ! Sure from where ? : can leave from wherever ! Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : omg NooOoOo Wizard : Okay , when would you like to leave User : Whenever ! Wizard : Do you need to by a certain date ? User : Nope ! ! I just do my thang however long Wizard : Well my database tells me that there are no flights to Monterrey . User WHAAAAT omg . must have something in available for me Wizard : Our best package is a 3.5 star hotel , business class flights , hotel is near a museum , shopping mall , and is also in heart of city , 8.22/10 guest rating , free breakfast and wifi , from September 12th to 25th , and the is 4942.67 . User : oh god 3.5 . Book the package I ’ ll just crash with my if the concierge is chill Wizard : Okay , sounds great ! This package is for you ! Have a good trip and safe travels ! User thanks omg this has been such a pleasant experience ! ! Booking trips just like else HA User : sooooo . in a bit of a pickle here and i need outta Tel ASAP . can ya get me to valencia ? : I have no flights out of Tel Aviv whatsoever User : ahhh jeez ya killin me ! what if I fly outta Boston ? i 2800 bucks to my name but i wan save as of that as i for the craps tables Wizard : I have flights to South from Boston User : What the heck are sayin ... i dont na go to South America i wan na go to Valencia ! Wizard How about to ? User : why i oughta .... if you 're not gon fly me from boston to valencia may as well consider yourself dead i 'm not kiddin around Wizard : The Gold has a 12 stay for just $ 36.50 over your budget . User : from ? ? ? ? that a push .. what about Boston to Tokyo ? Wizard : Nothing from Boston to Tokyo . User Hi ! I ’ ve got a duty to take care of - vacation time : smile : Wizard : Where would you like to ? User : and the gang are looking to get out of Barcelona September until the 15th . We ’ ve got a few destinations in mind - hows about Mexico City ? Wizard : How many people be traveling ? User : 2 adults and 6 kids Wizard : We have a great package at a 3.5 star hotel near , museum , shopping and mall . The hotel a guest rating and offers free and wifi . This package is from September 8th to 13th . The business flights the price to 16699.53 and is all . If you are looking for a cheaper option , the cheapest package available 11941.79 . User : Ok , that is within our 15 . But my kids really love Paz .. so let s check that place out Wizard : one result at a 4 star hotel 8.98/10 guest rating , free parking , and wifi , from September 8th 13th , economy flights , for a grand total of 14931.80 . User : wow nice ! Any or beaches nearby for the young wippersnappers ? Wizard : that I 'm aware of . : ok . I wan na check out Milan then Wizard : We one result from September to 13th at a 4 near museum , cathedral , and in the heart of the city The hotel has a 8.37/10 guest rating and offers free and wifi . The business flight option is 5321.90 and the economy flight option is 4473.34 . User : hmm , its really long ... I wan na get the family out of the house for as long as Wizard : Unfortunately the packages I have provided are the longest available . There is one other I did mention but it is the same of time from the to 12th . User : ahh , ok. they ’ re all the same length .. I think I would be off going with what the kids are interested in Mexico City will be the best for us Wizard : The Mexico City package is 16699.53 which over your 15000 budget . Are you able to increase your budget would like to book the cheaper Mexico City package of ? User : what is the difference between the City packages ? not in price , in hotel Wizard : The more expensive hotel is a 3.5 star hotel near the beach , museum , shopping , and mall The hotel has a 6.37/10 guest rating and offers parking and wifi . This is from September 8th to 13th . I option that you can afford which is the economy flights version this package that costs 12919.26 . The other hotel which is the cheapest Mexico City package is a 3 star hotel the beach , shopping , and mall . The hotel has a 6.91/10 guest rating and offers free parking and wifi . This package is available for economy flights and from September 7th to 12th . User : even cheaper for a higher guest rating ? ! ’ ll it Wizard : Great ! Glad I was able to help ! Have a day and enjoy vacation ! User : yes , hi . i have to bring 4 clients - real whigs , need to be well handled - on a schmoozing trip Wizard : Do you have departure and a desired destination you would like me to search for you ? we can the tenth , whenever .. want to go to Manaus from Fort Wizard : How many adults in TOTAL User : wow , no need to yell . 5 of us Wizard you want to leave September 10th , correct ? For how long User : right , for however long I need to to make big sale Wizard : And what is your budget for this trip from Fort Lauderdale to Manaus for 5 ? User : oh it makes no difference Wizard : In Manaus my highest rated hotel is stars , is that okay ? User : no it isnt . check Mexico City At moment , everything I have in Mexico City is also 3.5 star hotels or less User : .. 're killing me . check out Naples for me . I need a LUXURY experience Wizard : How a 4 star with a 8.86/10 rating ? User : that 'd have to do what are the amenities ? Wizard : The Tower located in Naples free breakfast and free wifi and available in a business class flight for a 10 day stay at 21803.47USD User : that sounds fine . book business class please , you know how many travels Wizard : 5 User : great - do it : It has all been taken care of . Pleasant travels . User : you 're a lifesaver User : there , I 'm looking to go Stuttgart please . Wizard I can help with that ! Where you be coming from ? User : I 'll be coming from Hiroshima . Wizard : How will be traveling ? : Just me ! I 'm thinking of going there for a while . I 'm thinking about 6 weeks or so . I 'm kinda . Wizard : We have 6 day trip from September 20-24 at a 3 star hotel . this work you ? User : 6 weeks , not 6 days . ! Can you do that ? Wizard : Unfortunately the 6 day trip is the only offer we have for Stuttgart . Is there else you like to go ? User : Oh see . In case , do you have any trips to Kingston anytime soon ? Wizard : Yes we do ! When would you like to ? User Sometime this week or next week . 'm flexible . Wizard : The longest we is 10 day trip from September 8-16 . Or would you interested in shorter trips ? : Yeah , shorter trips be great . Wizard : In that case , I 'd like to recommend our best hotel in Kingston . A 4.0 star hotel to the museum We offer 7 day trips . User That sounds great . Could you give me more details ? Wizard Of course It has a a guest rating of 8.22/10 offers free parking , free breakfast , and . The trip run 12-17 . : That sounds good . Can you add anything to the package ? Wizard : I will not be able to do that however , you can visit the museum that is very closeby . User : Okay cool , thanks . How much does it come to ? Wizard : It will be 4041.98 if you choose to fly economy . Or you can update to business flights for total of 5241.40 . User I 'll take business please . Wizard : Sounds ! You are headed to Kingston ! confirmation will come email . else for today ? User : Nope , I 'm good , thanks ! Wizard : Glad to help slightly_smiling_face : User : i in toluca but want 2 vacation somewhere can u help me : You want vacation for 2 people ? User : no want a vacation for myself Wizard : Well , there are many places we can you to from Toluca . you have any preference whatsoever ? Departure date ? Budget ? : i have 4 thousand eighth hundred dollars ... and can travel 6-19 Wizard : I have a good package you at 2925.98USD . This deal is a 15 day stay at the 5 STAR Hotel Serene Resort in Leon , Spain , on the beach , close to palace . : oh wow that sounds amazing ! ! is there a spa ? can i get free breakfast ? ? Wizard : No spa or breakfast at this one User where can i go Wizard : next highest rated hotel is the Hotel Grand Residence , 4 star rated hotel near shopping and the cathedral located in Rome . Includes breakfast and wifi but still no spa . User : what the next best ? Wizard : The Elton in Houston , 2.5 stars located near the mall , includes parking , wifi and breakfast User : not impressive ... so .. Rome or Leon well Leon is a hotel - how long is the Rome trip tho ? Wizard : 14 days User : minor difference . I prefer Leon in that case Wizard : Do you want me to start the process of booking Leon for ? User : yeah , do that please Wizard : It has been ! User : much appreciated User : hello . lima please Wizard From where ? User : osaka Wizard : Do you have budget ? User : 5300 dollars Wizard : For adult ? User : yes one adult Wizard : would you like to leave ? User : september 14th i start my holidays . and i must be back to work october 4th Wizard : Do you prefer a 3.5 star hotel or a 4 star hotel ? User : I want to on the beaches and near , and I want free wifi Wizard : Every hotel is near a park . User : that is ... book the 4 star please Wizard : Okay . Would you prefer 11 days from September 15th to 24th or 9 days from 26th October 3rd ? User : 11 days how much would that cost ? Wizard : For business flights , 4054.90 and for economy flights , 3152.83 . User : economy please Wizard : ! It is booked ! a great day the trip ! User i appreciate your assistance : Hi there , I 'd like to book trip for the family , but we have n't decided on a destination yet Wizard : I 'd be happy to help with that Where are you coming from ? User : From Sapporo . Wizard : How big is the family ? User : Pretty big . It 'll be 3 adults 7 kids . Wizard : Sure is ! When would you like to take this vacation ? User : Pretty , but no earlier than Thursday September 8 Wizard : much budget have you allocated to this trip User : I do n't want to any more $ 54700 Wizard That will be enough . there a date have to return by ? User : ! Wednesday September 28 Okay . I have a few options you Do you to hear the longest trips first or the highest star-rated ones ? User : Longest I guess ! Ones that will make most of my ! Wizard : That would be an 18 stay at our prestigious 4.0 star hotel next to the park , beach shopping , and mall . It has a guest rating of 10/10 and can get you all into business class for 54474.39 . User : Oh sounds good ! But what is the city of destination ? Wizard : None the amazing Porto Alegre ! User : wow that 's really good . Is that the best option you have ? Wizard : Yes , it is of the longest trips we have the best rated . User : Do you have anything else comparable ? Wizard : We also have 13 day trips to a 3.5 star hotel in both Atlanta . Would this be of interest to you ? User : Wow , that sounds very nice . much would that one cost ? Wizard : It be 30657.65 for economy and 39694.35 for business class . User : How much does the Porto Alegre package cost economy ? Wizard : That would be 41753.92 . User You know what , 'll Porto Alegre package , and for business class ! Wizard : That 's a choice ! I have secured the for you ! Your flight leaves on the so better start : slightly_smiling_face : User : Perfect , thank you ! Wizard : With : slightly_smiling_face : : I need a 5 star hotel in Wizard : Where ? User : Detroit . After Monday , the 12th Wizard : Do you have a budget User : no - budget : Travelling alone ? User : package must be impressive - keep that in mind . I ’ m bringing 5 high class clients 6 adults total/ Wizard : You 're luck ! We have an awesome 15 day package 13th to 27th at 5 star in Berlin . The hotel is near a , they have a 8.8/10 guest rating , and they offer free breakfast and . For business flights with this package the cost is . User : That sounds suitable for some business fat cats . Have you got anything rivals that package , but in Cordoba ? : This package has a guest rating of 8.98/10 the trip is 13 days instead of 16 from September 17th 29th , and the cost with business flights included is 20354.83 . User Ok , what are the sights like near that hotel ? And the amenities ? Wizard They are the same the hotel in Berlin . User Ah , ok. Is there anything available in downtown Vancouver ? Perhaps some hot shopping districts , bars , etc .. Wizard : There a 4 star hotel near a park , museum , and cathedral . User : Ah , that ’ s not impressive . Well I think I ’ d prefer Cordoba to Berlin .. Let ’ s book - business class Wizard : Lovely ! It is done ! luck your trip ! User : Thank you , my friend User : TORONTO PLEASE FROM BELO HORIZONTE Wizard : For 1 ? : YES ONE ADULT MAN Wizard : Tell me about what are a hotel User : I LIKE EVERYTHING I WANT TO KNOW EVERY LITTLE DETAIL AND I WANT TO COMPARE IT Wizard : WHOA ! Do you have a budget ? User : NO HAVE MONEY Wizard : So you want the of the ? User : I DUNNO I GUESS SO Wizard : I 'll start the Hotel Eric Perrier 4 hotel , in proximity of the airport and the cathedral 8.8/10 guest rating , free breakfast , free wifi , 3265.54USD business class User : OK THAT IS PRETTY GOOD . ANYTHING BETTER CLEVELAND ? ? Wizard : Pleasant Court Inn available for 10 days , 3 star hotel in close proximity the park and theatre , excellent guest rating of 8.98/10 , free parking , free breakfast , free wifi 3113.63USD business class flights User : WHAT ABOUT PITTSBURGH Wizard : Majestic Mountain Inn is available for 12 days 2.5 star hotel in close proximity to the park , guest , free , free breakfast , free 3087.40USD business class User : IT IS IN SAN DIEGO ? Wizard : No it is in Pittsburgh , that 's just the name the hotel User : WELL WHERE CAN I STAY IN MACEIO Wizard : Hotel Regal Time is available for days 3.5 star hotel in close proximity of the park , market and theatre , 8.8/10 guest , free breakfast , free wifi , business class fligths User : THAT NICE Would you like book it ? User : HOW LONG IS THE TO HOTEL ERIC PERRIER Wizard : 12 User : I WANT DO HOTEL IN . BOOK PLEASE Wizard : will book that now User : GOOD BYE User Hi there , I 'm looking to book a trip to Manaus . Do you can help me find the best deal ? Wizard : Sure can ! Where are you hailing from ? User : My family and I will be coming from Leon . Wizard And how big is the ? User : I 'll just be going with my wife and son . Wizard : Do you a budget range ? User : Yeah actually I do . I have absolutely no plans of spending beyond 2900 . Wizard : Unfortunately that budget wo n't work . Do you any cities you would like visit ? User : Are you sure about this ? even for just a few days ? Wizard Unfortunately not for Manaus did you have any alternatives ? No i 'm afraid not ! Wizard 'm sorry I will not be able to then . Good luck with your search ! : you . User : out of kabul Wizard : Where would you like to go ? User : birmingham ? ? Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : 3300 dollars . for 13 adults Wizard : Unfortunately there are no results for this many people to . User well i can leave jerusalem instead Wizard : We do n't have flights to or from Jerusalem as of yet . User : I want to go to San Juan . Wizard : Where would you need to leave from ? User : Detroit . Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : 2300 Wizard : When would you like to leave User : September 12th Wizard : Will you be alone ? User : Yeah Wizard : Do you need to be back by a certain time User : By September 20 : The only thing available is a 2.5 star hotel near a museum , 8.49/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast and wifi , September 12th to , business flights for 1522.20 , and economy flights for User That ’ s fine . Thank you ! User : Hey , I 'm for trip from Tokyo to Atlanta . Wizard : Which dates work best ? User : I need to get there ideally on Tuesday September 13 , or after if I n't . Wizard : Would need to return by a certain date ? : Nah , I stay as long as my can afford . But I 'd like the best hotels you 've Wizard : it 'll be just you ? User : yes ! Wizard : I can you in a 3.5 star beachside hotel for 18 days . This hotel is 8.8/10 on average and will cost you 4153.39 with economy flights and 5385.5 with business flights . User : Is that the best hotel you 've got ? Wizard : Yes it is . User : What would departure date be for that ? Wizard : will leave on September 16 and return on October : Do you happen to have a longer package deal ? : No is the package we offer . User : Okay sure , I 'll take it ! Wizard : Great ! Business or economy ? User I 'll take business . Wizard : Great ! Your trip has been booked for you Hope you have a great trip slightly_smiling_face User : Thank you ! User : Can you get me and a that from Jerusalem ? Wizard : Any destinations in mind ? User Tampa Wizard : How many adults and children in your family ? User : adults 13 children Wizard : I do not have any packages available from Jerusalem to Tampa available for many people . User : Looking to book a swanky business trip - I have a few fish on the hook and I need some impressive digs reel em in . There ’ s 5 of us , we ’ re in Munich , and I want to hear your best in Montreal We ’ re leaving after 9/11 : Sounds ! Do you have budget ? User : No , no budget . Wizard : The best we have is a 4 star hotel near a and mall , 8.86/10 guest rating , free parking and wifi , from September 12th 20th 12980.24 for flights , 16600.91 for business flights . Interested these ? User : Ok , what about a 5 star in Sao Paulo ? I ’ ll keep that first package in mind . Wizard : Nothing 3 stars . User : Ok… Montreal looks good then . Just check Buenos for me first . : We have a 4 star hotel here as well , in the heart of the city and a park also , 8.69/10 guest rating , free parking breakfast and wifi September to 30th , 27810.67 business flights , and 21452.57 for economy flights . User I like the sound of . Heart the would be near a mall . Lets book business class in Buenos Aires . : Awesome ! All done ! You 'll get a confirmation email soon , have a great User : , hey . i need to know if you operate out Tel Aviv Wizard : No we do n't User : santiago : Is your User : no i to go . i leave seattle Wizard when ? User : 24 until 27 of september Wizard : Can be flexible at all I have earlier departures . User : no they are not flexible . you have for me ? Wizard : Not those dates User : Hi . i to get to the low keep it flashy in terms of luxe but no spreading the word about it .. we re leaving from leon Wizard : How many people ? User : 2 Wizard : Do you have a ? User : ha . no .. : When would you like to leave ? User : don ’ t care . i should be back by 18th … but if not then the Wizard : only package is a 2.5 star hotel . User : I 'm good , thanks ! I 'm looking to book a trip a group of children with me as their chaperone . Wizard : Sure ! How many total ? User : 12 ! Wizard : Where are you headed from ? And what 's the total budget ? User : I do n't want to spend any more than 2000 , we 'll be from Belo . Wizard : Sorry , do have anything that works with the size of party and budget . Would you be flexible with you budget by any ? User : 'm only willing to increase by $ 200 , would it be possible to find something with that ? Wizard : Unfortunately it is still a no . Anything else I can help you search ? User : Not even a nearby city for a couple of days ? Wizard : Sadly no . Not with a budget of 2200 . User Okay then , thanks for help anyway ! : You 're very welcome User : from Fukuoka between 6 and 11th of September no just tell me my options Wizard : There are no options available . User : …what you ’ t me about Leon yet… . Wizard There are no availabilities from Fukuoka to Leon . User : what about to Seattle Wizard : There are no results for this either . : Fukuoka to Atlanta Wizard : There are no results for this either . User : fukuoka to la paz Wizard : There 's a 4 hotel from September to 11th , 8.98/10 guest rating , free , breakfast , and wifi , for , and 3837.70 for economy flights . User : fine I ’ s my only option Wizard : Would you like to ? User apparently you only travel to 1/4 of my desired destinations ... no User : would like book a trip to Belo Horizonte Wizard : Where are coming from ? User : ok . I live in Curitiba and I have a few days to travel there , 24th until 27th of September Wizard I have no flights from Curitiba to Belo Horizonte User : hi ... i n't usually do this as in , book my own trips , associate with proles like you me and a need to go to fukuoka and be in sapporo by the 13th of the month cant this getting out though .. so i 'm booking it time I my staff book things I was swarmed by soul sucking paparazzi Wizard : We have nothing from Sapporo to Fukuoka with a date of September 13th User : Belem then Wizard : From September 14th to Sept 23rd , we have the 4.5 star Zion Sapporo User : what is in this Wizard : The Zion is located on a lovely beach and within the package price of 6621.22USD flying business class of course , all the such as wifi , parking and are included . User : fine . book that I supposed User : Hi I like to go to Burlington with my fiance . Wizard : Where you two be coming from ? User : We 'll be from Tel Aviv . Wizard : Sorry , we do have the capacity to serve flights of Tel Aviv Do you have an alternative city of departure ? User : then . We can leave from , can find a flight to Burlington there ? Wizard : I can help with that ! When would you like to take this trip ? User : Either on after Tuesday September 13 please . Wizard : Do you have a set budget in mind ? User : Yes ! 3100 is the most I would like to spend so anything under that would be . Wizard : Sure , I 'd recommend a 4 day at a 3.0 star hotel near a park . 6.51It has 3.4/10 guest ratings and offers free wifi . User : How much would that cost ? Wizard : It would be 2037.8 . User : Okay ! curious , do you have anything closer to for a longer stay or a better hotel ? Wizard : I can get you on flights with the same package for 2536.77 . Or I offer you a 5 day stay a 2.5 star hotel in the heart of the city for 2546.97 . User : Does this 2.5 star hotel have a decent guest rating ? Wizard : It seems reasonably rated at 6.77/10 . User : Is the 3 star hotel also the heart of the city by any chance ? Wizard : That correct ! It also offers parking and free wifi ! User : You know what actually ? I think I 'll take the 4 day stay in the end . Wizard : That 's not a problem ! Would you prefer business or economy class flights ? User : economy ! Wizard : Great ! I have the reservation and you will be a total of 2037.8 . User , thanks ! Wizard : My pleasure User : i want to get some work done there are a few puppers that need my magic touch can you get me 4 days more in Sendai for 5000 Wizard : Leaving from where ? User : wherever Wizard : Are User : an assistant Wizard : We have days September 7th to 22nd at a 4 star hotel , 8.8/10 guest rating , near park and museum , and free wifi . : Can I leave from Alexandria and spend under 5000 Wizard : the trip from Alexandria is 4887.69 . User : hmm what if I left from Milan ? Wizard : 4476.52 . User : ok. book it out of Milan please Wizard : Done ! Have a great day and enjoy the trip ! User : Hey ! Wizard Hello User : So , I am travelling a family trip .. since I am in charge I wan na to Sao ! That 's top destination .. Wizard From where ? User : Can you me , my wife , and 5 kids there from Marseille for 16500 ? Wizard : Can you depart September 7th ? User No . Not until the 20th Wizard : Is a 19 day holiday too long ? User : As long as we 're back by the 7th of October , its good ! Tell me about the package Wizard : That would have you back on October 8th User : Rats - good Check out Salvador instead Wizard : I found you a 17 day holiday Sao Paulo from the 21st of September to the 6th Azure Spire Hotel , star near the and the theatre for including your breakfast User : 2 stars ... really think I can bring that to the old lady without ? anything better in ? Wizard Nothing in Detroit User : . book the longer one in Sao Paulo Wizard : I will proceed with booking ! User : got ta get outta Phoenix Wizard : Okay where would like to go User : heard some nice casinos Wizard : How many people will be travelling Brasilia to Phoenix ? : No ! You misunderstood me ! from Phoenix Brasilia . Wizard apologize . From Phoenix to . Number of people ? User : just me , got ta keep under the radar for till loan sharks get off my back Wizard : you have budget for this trip ? User : 3100 Wizard : The Sublime Tower in Brasilia has 7 and 10 day packages available . When would you like to leave ? User : September 14th : I have no Sept 14 departures available to Brasilia . For the Sublime Tower I have Sept 8 and Sept 10th departures and have 7 day packages available at Atlantic Gem with Sept 26 departure . User What I leave from Campinas ? Wizard : From , the departure after the 14th is also on Sept 26th User : anything to Curitiba ? Wizard : Phoenix or Campinas ? User : Phoenix Wizard : have a departure from Phoenix to Curitiba exactly on the 14th of September for a 14 day package at the 3 star Dual Basin Residence on the beach near the , market and mall . package included free parking , wifi and breakfast . User : Sign me up ! How ? Wizard : Would you prefer to fly via economy or business class ? User : business if i can afford it . How much it be for business ? Wizard : A business class flight is still well below your of 3100USD at 2011.70USD User Wow ! Yeah , me down for 1 Wizard : Perfect , I will proceed the booking the Dual Basin Residence from September 14th to September 27th via business class for 1 week . you for your booking and safe travel . User : Thanks , you basically saved my . : I want to go to Dublin Wizard : are you coming from ? And when would you like to go ? User : Dublin Wizard : How many will you be ? User : just me Wizard : Okay , I have for you 11 day stay from Sept 12-21 at a 2.5 star hotel close to , university and mall . User : Anything with a higher rated hotel ? Wizard : Unfortunately no , that is only availability in Dublin that meets your criteria . User Hmmm , could you check Rome then ? Wizard : I regret to inform you there are no trips to Rome that works for you . User : dates are flexible , that change anything ? : certainly does ! We can offer a 12 day stay from Sept 11-21 at 4.0 star hotel near with a whooping 8.98/10 guest rating . User : thats definitely sounding pretty good . I 'm just curious to see if I can find a 5 star hotel . What if leave from Melbourne instead and fly Dublin ? Wizard : I could not find a 5.0 star hotel for you with those selections , sorry The best is in fact a 2.5 star hotel . User : Anything from Melbourne to Rome for 5 stars ? Wizard : Sadly no , the best Rome is still the one that I previously mentioned . : hmm okay well how about if I go to Sendai ? Wizard : Our best Sendai is also a 4.0 star hotel . It ratings of 8.8/10 and is near a park and museum . User How long is the trip to Sendai ? Wizard : You will be there for 9 Sept 7-14 . User : what the for business class flights ? Wizard : It would be 2843.16 . User how about from Kochi to Rome ? Wizard : days with business flights would be 3258.45 . User well that 's not a huge difference and the Rome trip is longer ...... better guest rating too .... yeah . I want this one , can you book it for me ? ... actulally can you book it and 2 others ? Wizard : Absolutely The same package for the 3 of you will be a total of 9775.37 . Should I confirm this reservation for ? User : Definitely ! Wizard : It is for you ! Hope you have a great trip ! User : Thanks ! User Hi there , I 'd like to book a vacation to Queenstown please . Wizard : Absolutely ! I can help you with that . Where would you like to from ? User : Beijing Wizard : I ’ m sorry but we do not currently operate out of Beijing . Is this another destination you could depart from ? User : No , there n't . Wizard : I ’ m sorry , it I won ’ t be able to help you then . : Hi , love to book a vacation . I need a break ! Wizard : are you located ? User : I 'll be leaving from sf but I have n't really decided on where to go exactly yet . : Yes , of course ! What are your desired dates of travel ? User : Sometime between Sunday September 11 Tuesday September 27 would be great ! Wizard you tell me how much money you ’ re willing to spend ? User : I do n't really have a budget in mind But the package that make the most of my money and give me the greatest offer is what I 'm looking for . Wizard : Sure ! What destination should I look ? User : How about ? : In Pittsburgh have a 15 day package available for as low as dollars . You would be staying at a 2.5 star hotel with a 6.91/10 guest . The hotel includes free parking , wifi , complimentary breakfast , and is situated near a . The of departure would be the 12th of September and the return date would be September 26th . User : That does n't sound bad . Wizard : Would you like to hear about shorter packages available Pittsburgh ? User : Nah the time frame sounds good . curious about another city though ! How about ? Wizard : I have one package available in Stuttgart which departs from San Francisco September 20th and returns the 27th . You would spend 9 days at a star hotel near a museum just over dollars with economy flights . hotel ’ s guest rating 7.15/10 and it wireless internet access , breakfast and parking at no charge . User : I 'm curious about Punta Cana . Wizard : I have two different hotels in Punta Cana - one with 10 day and the other with 5 packages . Would you like to hear about ? User : Nah I think I prefer a longer trip so just tell about the 10 day package please . Wizard : Sure ! That would be the Scarlet Peaks Hotel - a 3 star hotel near a cathedral . For a price of 1992.41 USD , your 10 day include free wifi and breakfast every . You would leave September 11th and return home on the 20th . Previous guests have rated this hotel 6.77/10 . User : This also sounds really good ! Wizard : Yes ! Would like to book anything yet ? : I 'd love to out Rome , it 's somewhere I 've always wanted to go ! Wizard : In Rome I have two different hotels with 9 day packages , one a 10 day , or another hotel with 15 day packages . Which would you prefer to hear about first ? User : Let the 15 day one ! Wizard : you chose to spend 15 in , you could stay at The Double Pastures . This hotel is 4 , near a cathedral , and boasts 8.98/10 review rating The package departs September 11th and the 24th . Included with this vacation are wifi access and breakfast . If chose to economy the price would be $ 3787.88 . User : Wow sounds really nice ! What if I decide to stay in for 10 days Wizard : In that case would stay at Hotel Emerald Legacy , a hotel with very similar features to Double but a guest rating with 8.22/10 . The price for this 10 day package would be 3534.46USD and you would depart September 11th to return on the 19th . User : And for 9 days ? Wizard : There is the unrated Secret User : the unrated Secret ? Wizard : is the unrated Bay , a hotel with free breakfast and wifi There is also the 4 star Hotel Residence the as the others . This hotel has a 8.8/10 guest rating . User : much those cost ? Wizard : The Grand Residence would be 2703 for 9 while the Secret would be 2337.15 User : You know what ? I think I 've decided ! Could you please book the 15 day package to Rome for me ? Wizard : I ! Are economy class flights ok ? User : Yes , would be perfect ! : Ok ! will receive a confirmation email shortly . Enjoy your stay ! User : Great , thanks ! Wizard My pleasure : slightly_smiling_face : User : I have 14 days vacation Wizard : Could you provide the dates for me please ? User : whenever Wizard : would you like to go and from where ? User : I don ’ t know where i want to go , i was hoping you help me decide . I would be leaving from Rome . I only have $ 400 tho Wizard I have no packages available out of Rome for 400 best I can do is 4 days in Milan at $ 710.13 User : cant afford it . What if I from Porto ? Wizard : If you left from Porto instead of Rome , I can offer you a package at the Hotel Fernando Ribero for User : Can tell me more about the ? Wizard : It is a 2.5 hotel located near the park , shopping and a and it includes free parking , unlimited wifi use and a nice breakfast . It is available from September 18 to September 21 . : Sounds pretty damn good ! I ’ ll take er ! Wizard : I will take down all your details and proceed with the reservation . Thank you for your time today and enjoy your trip . User : Thank you ! User : I want to Santa Cruz from Wizard : , we not offer any to Santa . Do you somewhere else in mind ? User : what a rip off . why i even bother technology , the ways of doing things are more concrete . User : I would like to find a hotel near a park , ideally . I only have 4500 between me and my . We were thinking for trips to Manaus first , we can leave from anywhere . Wizard I can help you find something . When you like to go ? User : somewhere between september 8th and 20th . Wizard The hotel that works best for you would be a 3.0 star hotel near the park , museum , and palace . It a guest rating of 8.49/10 and offers free , free breakfast , and free wifi . User : When is this ? Wizard : The longest package leaves from Punta Cana from September 8 to 20 . User : Thats perfect ! How much is this ? : is 3034.61 , and I can offer an upgrade to for a total 3813.58 . User : Not bad . Do have anything to San Juan do , but our only hotel near a park is a 2.5 star hotel with 0/10 guest ratings . Would you want more information on this hotel ? User : No thats fine haha . Is there anything to Goiania ? Wizard : We have a 3.5 star hotel with 7.15/10 guest ratings near a park shopping . User : sounds really . much is this one ? Wizard For a 6 day with economy flights it is a total of 3823.68 . User : What the dates ? Wizard : The trip will from September . User : I think we will take the other package then and we will take the economy flights : Do you mean the package to Manaus User : Yes please Wizard Alright ! The two of you are booked for 3034.61 . Anything else I do for you ? User ! That 's perfect ! Thank you ! User : Hi there ! I need to get of town on Tuesday September 6 ! Wizard : Sure ! What town ? User : 'm based in Tokyo ! Wizard : Ok ! Any idea where you want to go ? User : Hamburg please ! Wizard : I have 14 days the for 3182.55 . How does that ? User Is that leaving on exactly on Tuesday September 6 ? Wizard That would be leaving on 13th User : Do you have anything that leaves sooner ? I have to leave as soon as possible ! Wizard : I have an 8 day package at the Glacier for 2190.28 . It leaves September 8th User Do you have anything that also for longer ? Wizard : Sorry , not for . User : That 's . What more can you tell me about the 8 day package at ? Wizard This hotel is 4.5 star with 9.16/10 in guest ratings . The hotel is near the airport and has free parking as well as free wifi for guests The flight departs for Hamburg on September and returns to on 14th . User : That sounds really good Wizard : Should I proceed with booking ? User : Yes sure ! Wizard : Ok I will just get your information and secure the package confirmation you : Great , thanks Wizard : No problem : slightly_smiling_face : User : hi Wizard : Morning ! User : i cant book anything so i ’ m just gon waste your time so i can dream about a better life where have vacation left . can you check trips to from paz Wizard : Would that be just for you ? : yep Wizard : We do not handle travel packages la paz to User : anything philadelphia then ? Wizard : In Philadelphia have partnership with the Mirror Inn , a 2 star hotel , you can either stay for 4 days or days It features wifi , breakfast with 1 parking spot included . User : well i have in the bank so does it fall under that ? Wizard : A stay at the Inn business seats on the plane included , run you 1044.34USD : wow , yay for me . can you tell me about the hotel , is near a beach or anything ? Wizard : is near a park and museum and has a 6.61/10 guest rating User : cool anything to san diego ? Wizard : We have partnerships with a couple of hotels in San Diego - the 2 star Anomaly Inn & Suites the 3 star Spare Time , both of which suit your budget . Are you interested hearing more about a particular one ? User : the 3 star Wizard : The 3 star Spare Time is available for a 7 day stay , is near a features free wifi , breakfast and 1 parking spot , has an excellent guest rating of 8.86/10 and costs total of 970.40USD via business class seats on the User : ah . if i could book , i would book one . well thanks for your time ’ ll come next year and save my vacation for a trip Diego . : there , I to book trip to get away ! Wizard : Ok ! Where ? User : I thinking about taking my family to Denver . Wizard : How many of you would be travelling ? : I 'll just me , my wife , our son . : Ok. Where are you leaving from ? User : Fukuoka Wizard : And have you got a travel budget ? User I do n't want to spend more than 4900 . Wizard : Unfortunately I can not get you all to Denver for price . Any other to explore ? User : Oh that 's too bad . My son looking forward to it But yeah we can try somewhere else . Wizard : Where ? User : How about Nagoya ? Wizard : I can do that I have the 3 star Oceanside Resort available for 9 days from 12th 20th . You would be staying near a university and have access to free parking , complimentary breakfast , and unlimited wifi usage . The total for your family of 3 be 1554.40 USD . User : Do you happen to have any six day packages ? Wizard : Sorry , this is the only package I have for Nagoya . User : You know what I take it . It 's within my budget after all . Wizard : Great ! I can upgrade you to business class flights at a total cost of 1723.51USD if you would like . : Thanks for the offer , I do n't really it . I good with economy class ! Wizard , I will proceed with the economy class booking . User : Excellent , thank you . : are oh so very welcome User : I want Kochi Wizard : Hello ! I love to help with that Where will be leaving from User : anywhere . ive got 8000 and i wan go between the 11th and 20th but my dates flexible Wizard : Sounds ! have a 3.5 star hotel in heart of Kochi close to a park . It has average guest of 7.15/10 and offers wifi . Would this interest ? User : .... is there anything with a better hotel ? Wizard : That is the only availability in Kochi . User : Does it from ? I just found out that i 'll need to there . Wizard : We could take you there from Santos ! How a 10 day for 5474.10 sound ? User : sounds good to me , when is this trip ? Wizard : 's from September to 19th User : Perfect ! Can you book this trip then ? Wizard : Of course ! Consider it done : slightly_smiling_face : else for today ? nope ! ! User : I would like to go Hiroshima from Seoul for 3500 Wizard : Hello . How many people do you want this trip for ? : me myself and i Wizard : Unfortunately , it not appear that we have flights from Seoul to Hiroshima . User : What about from Seoul to San Diego ? Wizard : It not appear we have flights from Seoul to San Diego either . User : about from Cordoba to San Diego ? Wizard : I have possibilities of 2 different hotels in San Diego for you Do you have certain dates and a length of stay in mind ? User : nope just whenever Wizard : I can suggest the Spare Time for an eleven you . It has a 3 star rating with a 8.86/10 guest , and offers all the amenities such as wifi , parking breakfast as part of your package . User : ! I ll take it : Your total comes out to 2009.43USD and you fly out Sept 14 and return on September 23 . Thank you for your business and a very nice trip . User : Thnx User Hey ! I 'm so tired , I just need to get out of Busan . Wizard : Sure ! When you like travel User I managed to get some time off work between Thursday September and Friday September 23 so anytime within those dates would be perfect ! I 'm looking for something for 7 days . Wizard : Ok Do you want to go anywhere particular ? Or within any budget User : My budget 's flexible , but I am stuck between two destinations Wizard : Sure What ’ s the first one ? can check both . User : I 'm thinking about City . Wizard : I have 9 days for you the Sublime Echo , a 3 star hotel that is handy to shopping districts and malls . The hotel would also parking for any rental you may purchase free of charge . Wifi access is also included in your package price of 3401.2USD User that all you 've got ? For Mexico City ? Wizard : Nope ! For 9 you could also stay at Hotel Tropic , or spend 8 days at the all inclusive Coast ; both these hotels also offer 5 day packages if you ’ re interested . User : Tell me about the 8 day package please . Wizard : At the Coast you would have free parking and free wifi The package is as well , as it is a 3.5 star hotel 6.37/10 rating from guests . You will staying close to many , such as museums , beaches shopping and malls . User : How much does it cost ? Wizard : 4457.63USD if economy class . User : Ah I see Can could out another destination for me please ? I was thinking about going to Manaus as well . Wizard : I have an 8 day package in Manaus for 5445.49USD You would be staying at the 2.5 star Hotel Mundo near a park and shopping district and access to free parking , wifi , and breakfast for the duration stay . User : Oh that n't sound too bad either . For 8 day trip to City , what are departure and return dates ? Wizard : also have longer packages in Manaus if are in hearing about them . User : No , I prefer something to 7 days . Wizard : trip spans from September 12th-18th . User : And Mexico City ? The day Wizard : The Mexico City trip would from September 10th-16th User : then , I think I 've . I 'll take the 8 day to Mexico City . Wizard : Ok ! Consider it booked : slightly_smiling_face : : Great , thanks ! Wizard : My pleasure . Anything else that I can assist you with today ? User : , that 's all Thank you . Wizard : My pleasure . User I want to go to denver from for under 2900 september 8th to Wizard : Our best package for you is at a 3.0 star hotel that boasts a 8.86/10 average rating It is conveniently located near a park and offers free wifi breakfast . I can get you there for 6 days for only . User : When is it ? Wizard : You will be there from Sep. 8-12 . User : Works for me . Book Wizard : Done ! Time to pack your bags : slightly_smiling_face : User : Ok , thanks ! User : Terribly I need to home Angeles from Milan ! It 's an emergency hurry ! ! ! Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : 4200 Wizard : And it 'll just be you User : yes ! Wizard : Okay , the earliest trip leaves tomorrow and takes you to Los Angeles for 10 days . Another option is to wait until Friday to and stay in Los Angeles for 14 days . Both fit under budget . Which one would you prefer ? User : No need to leave tomorrow ! Wizard : Alright . That will be 2815.47 on economy . You will be staying at a 3.0 star hotel ( 8.86/10 guest rated ) near the airport and mall . While there , you can access wifi , breakfast , and parking free charge . Would you like me confirm the booking you User : yes ! please ! ! ! Wizard : Consider it done slightly_smiling_face : Pack your bags and head to the airport ! User : Thank you ! You were a great help ! ! ! : I wan na lay low so i need to get of tijuana . I think i ’ d like to go to rome Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : september 16th Wizard : My earliest is on Sept 20th , does work for you How many people will be travelling to Rome together ? User : What about if i from ? Wizard : From Hamburg , I have departures on the 11th and on the 20th User : What about from Tijuana to Manaus ? Wizard : From Tijuana to Manaus my earliest flights are on Sept 14th and Sept 21st User : From Hamburg to Manaus ? Wizard : From Hamburg I have flights on the 14th the 20th . User : No i really needed to leave on the 16th . that ’ okay , i ’ ll figure something out . I na leave Tel Aviv & go 2 Vitoria with 11 adults and we will spend 2000 at Wizard : I 'm sorry , we currently not serve flights out of Tel Aviv but hope to so in the future . Would you be able to leave from somewhere else for now ? User : : eye : guess : eye : could leave from Tofino Wizard : we do n't have any available trips out of . have another alternative ? User : no . ugh i guess i look somewhere else . User : Hi there , my friends and I to to Belo Horizonte from Tofino a couple days please . Wizard : can ’ t offer anything of Tofino unfortunately . Is there an alternate departure I could try for ? User : But all 9 of us will be coming from there ! : Can I look into something else for you User No thank you User : Hi ! I like to go from Burlington Wizard : I have no packages available for Burlington to Washington User : What about to Toluca ? Wizard : Nothing Burlington to Toluca either User : Balderdash ! What about Melbourne ? : Nothing for Burlington to Melbourne User : WHAT ! ! ? ! Ugh , kill me now . Okkay fine . I 'll else . User : Hi ! I have 6 days vacation and I don ’ t know where i ’ d like go , was hoping you could . Wizard : Happy to help ! Which dates are vacation and where are coming from ? User : I can leave on or after Monday i would need to leave Rosario Wizard Is a budget you 'd like to work with ? User : nope ! Wizard : Okay , we 6 day trips starting on Monday Maceio , St. , and New York . none of these destinations interest you , we have few other destinations 5 day . User : I ’ like to look just the day and if i dont find anything i like we can look at the 5 trips . Whats the best you have in Maceio ? Wizard : It would be a star hotel close to the park and shopping with 8.37/10 guest ratings . User : not too shabby , anything to Louis ? Wizard In SL we have a 3.0 star beachside hotel with 7.15/10 guest ratings . User : That ’ s best in SL ? Wizard : It the best that works with your vacation dates . User : Okay , um ’ s hear what ya got for New York . Wizard : 've got a 2.5 star hotel near museum and airport . has a of 8.22/10 . User : no way . Do you have any 5 star anywhere ? : No User : Well can i them anyway , I might be willing to work something out if i find a package that s worth it . Wizard : We actually do n't have 5 star hotels available for trips 6 or under leaving Rosario . Would you able to make your dates flexible or leave from another city ? User : No . You know what , it ’ s fine , I ’ ll look somewhere else take my vacations days another time if i cant find a trip . Thanks anyway . User : Hi there , 'd book a vacation from Frankfurt . Wizard Where would you like to go ? User : I do n't have a in mind . I was you could help me with that . Wizard : much money are you willing to spend I 'm flexible about that . But I 'm looking for a 6 day vacation . : When would you to ? : Either on or after Sunday September 18 please . Wizard : Are you travelling by ? User : Yep ! Wizard : have a 6 day to Silver Palace in Queenstown for 766.63USD . This is at a 5 star near the airport and a museum with free breakfast wifi , and a guest rating 8.86/10 . User : Wow , that sounds really good ! Wizard : Would you like to book ? User : I was wondering is there anything else you can offer ? As as sounds , I 'd like explore my options . Wizard : There is also a 6 package a 3 star hotel in Stuttgart for . User : So far , the Queenstown one sounds . Have you got anything else though Wizard : You could spend 6 days at a 5 hotel with free wifi in Munich for 293.87USD . User : Wow 's really cheap . You know what , I think I 'll take the Queenstown one please . What are the dates for that Wizard : September 3 User Oh ! I have to ask ... Is the Munich package closer to September 18 ? Wizard : would leave September 20 and the 26th with the Munich package . User : Sorry being so indecisive I 'll take the Munich package in the end ! Wizard : Sure ! I can upgrade your package to business class flights for a total of only 392.22 USD . Do you want to do that ? User : Sure why not ! Wizard : Ok , I will go ahead and book that in that case . User : Great , thank you . Wizard : I am happy to help : slightly_smiling_face : User : I need to some clients . I 'd like to take them on a business to Hiroshima from Ulsan after September 20th . Wizard : How many people total ? User : 8 of us Wizard : Do you have a this trip ? User Nope ! The sky is the limit ! Wizard I have the Hotel Oishi available for 7 days on Oct It is rated 4.5 stars and located near the museum . We can fly everyone business . User : That 's not too bad . I 'd really like to pull out the big guns tho this is a big deal , you have any 5 star options available ? Wizard : 4.5 is the highest that I have available in Hiroshima . It also has an excellent 8.86/10 rating User : Do you have any 5 star hotels in Wizard : 3.5 stars is our in Curitiba User : ew . What about San Francisco ? Wizard : I only have 2 stars available in San Francisco . User okay that pretty much settles it then . Can you me more about the first package you offered ? Wizard : It is a 4.5 star rated hotel with a 8.86/10 guest rating . It is located near the museum and is available from Oct to Oct 9th for the excellent price of 7335.92USD if you all fly by business . User : Is there anything for this that leaves earlier ? : I have another one that leaves earlier but it would at 3 star hotel User : ehhhh , nah i 'll stick with the other one then Can you book us for the 4.5 star business flights ? Wizard : Absolutely . I have taken care of it and you will receive your confirmation shortly . User Thanks ! User : Hi I 'd like to take a trip . Wizard : Sure ! Where do you want to go ? User : I 'd like to go both and Rio de Janeiro . Wizard : Would you like to fly from to Rio de Janeiro ? User : No , I 'm from Mexico City , I want to go to both places if that 's possible . Wizard : Would you like to go from Mexico City to Rio de Janeiro ? User : Sure . But can go to from Rio de Janeiro after that ? Wizard : I don ’ t understand . User : mean , I want go two cities . Wizard I not have to destination two cities ” . : are two cities that I just to visit ! Wizard : Where would you like to go & gt User : I 'd like to go to both de Janeiro and . But from Mexico City . Wizard : Mexico to de Janeiror ? User : yeah . But can you book me two trips in this one session ? Wizard I can you from Mexico City to Rio de Janeiro 13 days starting September 10th for 2335.73USD . User : I n't need to go there for long . give me a shorter package deal ? Wizard : How about 7 for 1607.99USD ? would leave September 8th . User : That sounds pretty good . Wizard : Ok ! Would you some more information ? User Yes please . Wizard : La Perfección is a 3 hotel near park , museum , and university . It a 8.22/10 user rating and free parking , breakfast as well as free wifi . User : then , I 'll definitely take it . It sounds good . Wizard : Ok ! Consider it booked . User : Thanks ! packages involving more than one city in the future . Wizard : Not problem . Goodbye User : I would like to find a vacation between september 20th and October 4th from Sao to Leon Wizard : Hello ! How many will be traveling with ? And do you have a fixed budget ? User : budget just me Wizard : Alrighty ! We 've got a fantastic 5 star hotel by the market . has been previously rated 9.16/10 by guests , and I can take there for 8 days from 24 to October 1 User : Sold ! How much ? 2882.43 total , but can upgrade to business seats for just 3661.1 . User : i want business class . up Wizard : Done ! You are all booked : slightly_smiling_face : Anything else for today ? : Nope that was it ! Thanks ! User : Katniss here , im in Rio de Janeiro and need get to Paris to a film Wizard : Unfortunately n't offer trips from Rio de Janeiro to Paris . Do you have somewhere else you 'd like to go ? : I guess i can go to hamburg instead and chill with Selena Wizard : That I can with ! How an 11 stay at a 4.5 star hotel near the airport sound ? User : Sounds good enough Out of , is there a star hotel ? Wizard : Not that I can find ... the 4.5 star one is the best in Hamburg . User : , ’ ll take it , thank you and peace out ! : Great ! It is booked for you . Have a great trip User : Hi there ! Wizard : Good afternoon ! User : I would like my wife 3 kids on a vacation . can you help ? Wizard : Of course I . do you live ? User : Sapporo Wizard : And where would like to vacation ? User : We were thinking of a different options , first being La Paz Wizard : Are you on a budget for trip ? User : Yeah , we have 2500 Wizard I have packages from Sapporo to La Paz , but unfortunately none that your budget . User : We up our budget another thousand , would help ? Wizard : No still high for you . Can I check destinations for you ? User : Kochi ? Wizard : We could send you and family on 7 day holiday to Kochi at the Hotel Grandiose Rose , a 6.61 star hotel located in the heart of the city and close to a park . The total price would be 2986.25USD and include wifi . User : Hm , maybe . Do have anything to Vancouver ? : No I do n't User Bummer . I guess Kochi is our option then ..... hm . When is this package ? Wizard : It is available from September 11 to September 17th , User : I wan na go to San Juan Wizard : want to take you there ! Where are you coming from ? : Belo Horizonte Wizard : When do you want to go ? User : between sept. and oct. 7 Wizard : Did you have budget in mind ? User : no Wizard : Okay , I can put you in a star hotel near museum , shopping , and market for 7 days How does that sound ? User good good Got to San ? Wizard : We 've just got a 2.0 star hotel in the heart of the city near a museum . I have trips there for 10 or 16 days . User : no thank you . anything to Burlington ? Wizard : In got a 3.0 star hotel near the park and have an 11 day package there . User : Nope . Anything to Leon ? Wizard Sure ! We 've got a 5.0 star hotel to market actually , and we offer 9 day trips there User : I want it ! When is it ? Wizard It 's Sep 24 Oct 3 User : Thatll . Book it for me Wizard : it done ! An confirmation with the details is coming your way shortly . Have a good trip ! User : thank ya User : Hi My best friend and I want to on vacation to Porto Alegre . Wizard : Ok ! Where are you planning to leave from ? : Fukuoka Wizard : Are you both adults ? User Yep ! Wizard : When would like to travel ? User : Soon , but I 'm flexible the dates . Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : Yeah my and I are only to spend a grand total of 7100 Wizard : I have 13 , , or 17 day packages available in Porto . None of are in your budget . User : sucks . How about if we decide to go to Dublin ? Wizard : I have 9 , 10 , and 15 day packages to dublin . Which do you prefer ? User : And 're all within budget ? Wizard : The 10 and 15 trips are your budget , and one of the 9 day trips is just 200 dollars above your budget User : Okay tell me about the 15 day trip then . : You would staying at the 2 star Mellow Dream Inn , located in the heart of the city near , , and malls . The hotel has 5.14 as a guest rating and supplies free breakfast , as well as free wifi and parkig . User : And much does this cost ? Wizard : for economy class flights , 4695.57USD User : And can you tell me about the day trip ? Wizard : The Galaxy Inn & Suites is 2.5 stars , near a park , university , and a mall . It has a 6.77 guest rating and also provides , wifi and parking . User : How much is that ? Wizard : 4762.69USD User : That 's even expensive the 15 day one ! And that 's the price for the both of us ? Wizard : Yes For two adults . User : Alrighty then , let 's book the one Wizard And you 're booked ! : Are you gon na tell me the departure and return dates are ? Wizard : Booked ! User : Okay but when do my friend and I leave and come back ? Wizard : You will travel from September 14th until the 27th User : Okay cool . Thanks ... friend . User : I to go to Tijuana from Santo domingo for 2400 Wizard : One person ? User : yea Wizard Are travel from September 12th to the 20th ? User ya Wizard : We have the 3 star Resort Jade Covert for 9 days during that time period . It includes amenities such as wifi , parking and a complimentary breakfast . User : .... ok ... anything to Indianapolis ? : 13 day okay ? User : sure Wizard : The Hotel Vanilla is a hotel located near the park beach , airport and university and included amenities such as wifi parking and a complimentary breakfast . User : cool beans Anything to Denver Wizard : have a nice 4 star hotel in Denver available for days for 1375.21USD departing September 9th and returning on the 23rd User : ugh . i want this . im stuck working dead end job and dont have any vacation days left . Thanks for entertaining my imagination tho Wizard : You are welcome , come again User : I to go to Vitoria . from Tijuana Wizard : My apologies , we do not offer any trips between these two points . there somewhere else you would like to depart from or arrive at ? User : i could go to Cancun Wizard dates would you like to go ? User : doesnt : Is it just yourself ? User : yeah Wizard : How much are you planning on spending ? User : 2600 Wizard : Great ! I can put for 10 or 12 days at a star hotel by the cathedral . User : 12 days would be cool . other information you have on the hotel ? Wizard : hotel offers free parking , free breakfast , free wifi , and average guest rating of 8.22/10 . User : bad . yeah i ’ m down . wan na book it for me Wizard : I would happy to ! Would you like to go with the economy package for 515.93 or the package for 581.30 ? User : business : Sure thing . It is booked for you from September 14-25 ! Hope you a pleasant trip ! User : thank ya User : Rio de Janeiro to anywhere , stat . Wizard : have a few possibilities . Are looking for certain departure date , something special in a hotel , do you have a set budget ? User : between september 8th and 19th for under 2300 : Would Buenos Aires , Argentina be of interest ? User : depends , give some info Wizard : I the Olive Market Hotel , located in the downtown area and close to a park available days . 4 property offers wifi , parking and breakfast for budget price of 1032.6USD : What else you got ? Wizard : I have a 10 day package in Recife , Brazil , also at a 4 star for 594.16USD on a business class flight , wifi and included . User : Can you give me a list of available first if something i can ask for more info Wizard : Mexico City , Athens , Belo Horizonte , Santo Domingo , Rio de Janeiro , Buenos Aires , Brasilia , Recife User : is in Mexico City ? Wizard : 12 days at the Hotel Tropic , a 3 star hotel with access to beach and . Includes breakfast and wifi for a grant total of 2296.33USD User : Do any these places have 5 star hotel ? Wizard : None . The ones I gave were the ones with the highest ratings . User : okay , i guess the one to Buenos Aires is good then Wizard : Do you want to go ahead and book it for you User : ya Wizard : Done ! User : cool bye User : Hey there . I 've got of free time and I want to make most of it . Wizard : Ok ! Do you want to book a vacation User : please . I 'll be leaving from Ciudad Juarez . Wizard : And where User : I hoping you could help me that . Wizard : you have a ? : Yeah , 5400 is my budget . Wizard : What are you able to ? User : anytime the near future is good Wizard : will be travelling alone User : Yeah . I feel like being alone right now . Wizard : How 6 days in Kingston at a 4 star hotel ? User : Kingston ... Canada ? Wizard : yes User : Oh How much would that cost ? Wizard : 2146.59USD User : That 's not bad . But do you have any other ? Wizard : Of course ! I have Denver and Punta Cana as well User : What 's the package like ? Wizard : There are 3 packages available in Denver . User : Are they all days Wizard : Yes User : What 's the best one ? Wizard : What do you your hotel ? In the heart of the city ? : I have hotels in Denver the heart of the city . I have one hotel a park and another near a museum and university . User : museum and university sounds good . how much would that cost ? : 1085.38USD for economy class flights and a 6 day stay . User how many stars does this have ? Wizard : 3 Not bad . What can you offer for Punta Cana ? : I have an unrated hotel in Punta Cana just under 1250 dollars User : stars or guest ratings whatsoever Wizard : The hotel is unrated User : That sounds sketchy . Wizard : It is near a palace . User Please book that 6 day trip in Denver for me near the university . Wizard : Ok , . Enjoy your stay . User : Thanks ! User : yo taking 6 kids and 4 adults on a trip yo Wizard : Sounds cool ! Where are going and are you coming from ? User : gon go to Leon from Boston Wizard : When would like to go ? do you have a ? User 18100 Wizard : We have a package that is perfect for you ! is an 11 stay at a fantastic 5.0 hotel , rated 9.16/10 by guests , next to market . User : sounds . Is there another hotel ? : That is the only one that works with you budget . User : ok , ill take it yo Wizard : ! It will be 17296.23 . I will confirm this reservation for you ! : ! thanks dude ! User : i go boston from hiroshima Wizard : When ? User : betweens 20 and 4 Wizard : Did you happen to have a budget mind ? : no Wizard : `` then `` , I have a 10 day trip at a 3.0 hotel in Boston with parking , free breakfast , and free wifi . User : cool . lets check Wizard : In Kyoto I 've a few star hotels , we have trips 9 7 , or days . User : ok. whats in ? Wizard : In Seoul I have a 3.0 star hotel next to a park with 5 9 day vacation packages . User : coolio . now Recife . Wizard : Nothing for Recife unfortunately . User : I wan na go to Santiago from santos Wizard What are your travel dates ? User : 14 to 27 but Wizard During that time , have the Una casa for 13 with free parking wifi and a buffet breakfast included at a price of 2006.28USD : . lets check out Toronto too . Wizard : There is nothing available in Toronto User : what if i from Long Beach Wizard Leaving from Long Beach I have a few choices . The highest rated is Hotel Eric Perrier , at 4 stars . Price 1306.60USD for 8 days . User : anything from beach to santiago ? Wizard : The only availability is at Una casa for 12 days , 3 stars Price is User : Okay I 'll do the Torono from Long Beach then Wizard : I just to confirm that a of Sept 20 and of Sept 27 is fine with you you like to in economy or business class ? User : dates are fine but i need to book it for me 3 buddies , can i afford economy still ? Wizard : No that price was based on just one adult ugh . dang nabbit what can I afford for 4 adults ? Wizard : For that budget for 4 adults , can send you to Ciudad Juarez User LAME . I 'll look elsewhere User I want to book a trip honeymoon ! Wizard : Where do you to go ? User : My soon to be husband and I really want to go to Ulsan for 5 days can you make it happen ? Wizard : Hopefully ! Where do you want to leave from ? : Valencia ! Wizard : When User : After September 11 ! Wizard : Ok - what is your budget ? User : Ooh we spent a lot the wedding have to careful 4200 at most ! Wizard : ’ m sorry , I not accommodate two adults on your budget . Perhaps another destination would be more suitable ? User : Are you kidding ? What about a trip to ? You better have that at least . Wizard : I not have trips to Busan from Valencia for 2 people that cost less than 4200 dollars . User : I am leaving from Beijing and want to go to Wizard : Unfortunately we do not offer any flights out of Beijing as right now . User : oh . I can leave from Wizard : works ! When do you want to travel ? User : on or after 11 : Do you a specific budget I should work with ? User : 3600 for 2 adults Wizard : How about a 15 day stay at a 3 star beachside hotel ? User : not at . Is that the only option ? Wizard : Nope , we also have another 3 star hotel near the museum and market Here we offer 16 day or 10 day trips . User : Yas , what else can tell me about the hotel Wizard : It has 6.61/10 guest ratings , free parking , free , and free wifi . User : What about the other hotel ? : The other one 8.22/10 guest ratings , also free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi . User : That one is way better . What are the for this package ? Wizard It 's from Sep 14-18 . User : I thought you said it was days ? Wizard : You are correct ! It is actually from Sep 14-28 . User : better lol , okay so is ? Wizard : 's 2450.26 for economy and 3120.26 for business . User : us down business : Done ! The two of you are to Curitiba User : thnx User Yeah , I 'm for an 8 day trip for the family . Wizard : How many are in your party ? User : Two and a Wizard : Where would you to go and where would you like to from ? User : I 've got two places mind . I 'll coming from Buenos Aires and I thinking about going to Santo Domingo . Wizard : You travelling alone ? User : No , sorry I meant all of us . Wizard : How much money do have to ? User : I 'm on a tight budget here so not more 4300 Wizard : when would you like to leave ? User : Anytime soon is good . Wizard : Then I have nothing to offer you . User : Let 's try somewhere else then . Wizard : I only have in Santo Domingo 2 at your point . User : Fine , what about a trip to Burlington then ? One that involves my son of course . : I ’ m sorry - have nothing within your budget . Would you like explore other ? Perhaps something within your country within your budget . User : Bye . Wizard : Good bye . User : from Santo domingo stat Wizard : many User : oh ok , just me have to tofino from Domingo User : How bout to London ? Wizard : I have nothing London from Santo domingo User How to Santa Cruz Wizard : Nothing from Santo Domingo to Santa Cruz User : Hi , I need to get to Melbourne from Fukuoka . unlimited budget and dates arent a concern its just me . Wizard : Hi ! Sounds like great trip but I 'm sorry to inform you do offer any trips between Fukuoka and Melbourne . Any other places you 'd like to go to ? User : I guess I ’ ll just go to Kochi and up with my homegirl Selena Gomez so we can chit chat about the… .. . Wizard : That sounds nice ! I can bring you to Kochi for 6 days at a hotel in the heart the city . User : is it the best package you have ? I hotel . Wizard : This is the only one available in Kochi . User : ok i ’ ll take it . Whats the like ? Wizard : It 's a 3.5 star hotel with 7.15/10 rating . In addition to being in the heart the it is also close to a park it offers free wifi . User : sounds good . Flight details ? Wizard : It 's a 1h 35m flight departing on the 11th and returning on the 16th . I have both business and economy seats available . User business obviously . how much ? Wizard : Sure thing , it 'll be 1041.42 . User : cool . book it Wizard : All done User : I need to get to Goiania from Beijing today or after but asap . emergency at home . : I apologize , but I can not get to Goiania from User : k fine i can leave from North Vancouver too . : I can get you to Goiania from North Vancouver . How money you have ? User : 6200 Wizard : My soonest flight is on Sept 12th User : Is there anything sooner for flights to Lima ? Wizard : Departing from North Vancouver ? User : Yeah : have a flight departing tomorrow from North Vancouver Lima . Your stay in Lima would be at the Wolf Inn , a 3.5 star hotel near the park . It is 11 day package with a value of 1119.59USD . User : When does it leave ? Wizard Tomorrow Sept 8 at at 2pm User : is there anything shorter than days ? Wizard : No , That is the shortest package I have available from North Vancouver to Lima . User : well crap . Ugh I have not other I 'll at some other sites or just go the airport myself and see if they help me out . User : I wan na go from to Goiania for 4500 : When do you want to go ? User doesnt matter Wizard : Will it be just you ? User : yas Wizard : Great ! We offer you a 13 day vacation a 3.5 star hotel with 8.69 guest ratings . Would you like to know about this option ? User : please Wizard : The hotel is conveniently located close to a museum , shopping , and airport . there from the 12th to the 24th , you can enjoy access to free , free breakfast , and free wifi . User How much is it ? Wizard : 2946.86 economy class and 3771.21 business class . User : i ’ ll take business class Wizard : Alrighty ! I will process booking for you send you a confirmation email once done ! User : thank ay User : Hi I 'm looking a cool place to go to with my friends do you think can help me Wizard Sure ! ! Where are you from ? User : From La Paz Wizard : How many of you there be ? User I 'm going with bunch of friends but I just booking it for myself . Wizard : And do you have budget ? User : Yeah I 'm not made of money so 3600 is the absolute maximum . Wizard : Ok ! Where do you want to go ? User : I hear Toronto pretty cool ! I can only go between Saturday September 10 and Friday September 23 though because those are the only days I have off ! Wizard : You can fly business class and at the 3 star Hotel Richard only 1372.80USD ! You would leave September 13th and return home on the 21st User : Richard ? Where is that located ? that in the heart of the city ? : It is near a market and a cathedral . User : That sounds like a pretty sweet deal , I got ta admit . I want to check out another destination though before I make a final decision/ : I will book this package User any packages for a trip Paris ? Wizard : Enjoy your stay at the Hotel Richard : slightly_smiling_face : User : Dude . You better give me some options for Paris right now . Wizard I will book Hotel in Paris for 3642.59USD . a nice vacation : slightly_smiling_face : User Hey hey , do be so quick . And that 's out of my budget . Would like to stay at a star hotel with a 8.49/10 guest rating ? User : For how many days ? Is that the one you at Hotel Regal Universe ? Wizard : Hotel Regal Universe has a guest rating of 9.16/10 . I will book this package from September 12th-19th . User : Do book a damn thing until I say so , man . Wizard : Would you like to Hotel Regal Universe from September 12th-19th ? User : Is it under 3600 ? Wizard : 3462.59USD is the with economy class flights . : Is that all you 've got ? Wizard : Autumn Treasure Hotel is available from September 15th to 23rd for 3039.53USD . User : That also pretty sweet . How many this hotel have and what 's the guest rating ? Wizard : 4 stars , 8.49/10 guest rating . User : Hey that 's a sweeter deal than the other you gave me . Wizard : Well I will book Autumn Treasure Hotel for you . Enjoy your stay User : I did n't even say ... Yeah okay whatever . Wizard : Goodbye . User : Wait , it economy class ? Wizard : . User : Okay . Cool . And the way , you should learn to stop being so and rushing customers . Wizard : Thank you . User : I to go to san antonio from tijuana 7 days : person ? User : yeppers ! Wizard : I have choices . How long were you hoping to stay in San ? User : from the 13th to the 1st Wizard : My shortest package in San Antonio is a 9 day package . I have a choice of 2 different hotels , both with a 2 star rating User : What are the dates for it Wizard Both are from Sept 12th to Sept 20th User : well i think my 7 days of vacation apply to work days so that should since part of the trip is on the weekend . Can you fill in on more hotel details ? : have a choice the Vertex Inn , a star hotel near the park , and the mall 1277.9USD OR the Winter Hill Inn , also a 2 near the park , mall ans theatre . Both included wifi , parking and breakfast . However the Vertex Inn has a guest rating of 7.15/10 whereas the Winter Hill Inn had a guest rating 4.74/10 . User : I think i 'll go for the vertex hotel cuz the guest rating is better lawls . but wait , i cant leave the 12th ! ah ! about that you check Busan for me ? Wizard : Is a departure date of the 14th okay ? User : Yeah for sure ! Wizard I can send you San Antonio on a 15 day package from September 14 September 28 or I can send you to Busan on a 6 day package from September 14 to September 18th . User : I the 6 day package fits my dates the best . Can you tell me more about it ? Wizard : First let 's get your budget User : I dont have a budget Wizard : Perfect . The Busan hotel is available for a 6 day stay at 3107.21USD . Included is parking use of wifi and breakfast . The hotel is situated near the park , museum not far from the university . : pretty good to me is this the business or economy price ? Wizard : price is based on economy class pricing I also that package available at 4047.3USD on business class . User : I splurge and take the business class flights , nothing wrong with spoiling yourself once in a while Wizard : I will proceed with the reservations User Thank you User : I wan na get to sendai my posse from santo domingo When can you go ? User : whenever my bday is coming up so the sooner the Wizard Alright , how many are you total ? User 4 : I can put you all in fantastic 4 hotel near a museum and a park . Does that work for you ? User : Maybe but I d like find a 5 star there a one Ulsan ? Wizard : You are in luck ! We got star hotel in Ulsan close to the park , market , and theatre . I can put you guys there for 9 days User : oo la la ! intriguing ! i book can you for a 5 star in Sacramento ? Wizard There actually is ! This 5 star hotel is near the museum and boasts a guest rating of 10/10 . User : what is the guest rating for the other hotel Ulsan ? Wizard : It is 8.98/10 . User : Yeah we defs be going to Sacramento Wizard : Perfect ! I this for you . All need to do is pack your bags : slightly_smiling_face : User : You are AMAZEBALLS ! ! ! Thank you so much ! MY BIRTHDAY IS DOING TO BE OFF THE HOOK ! ! Wizard : 're very welcome ! Have an amazing time : slightly_smiling_face : User : I wan go to Sao Paulo from Osaka for 6800 Wizard : Just you ? User : oui Wizard : I put you for 7 days in a 3 star hotel in the heart of Sao Paulo . How does that sound ? User : maybe . Do you anything better ? Wizard : That best in Sao Paulo . User : Anything in Queenstown ? Wizard : Absolutely ! In Queenstown our best a 5 star hotel with 8.86/10 I can put you there for 6 days . User : The hotel is better . If increase my budget by $ 400 can I get a better hotel in Sao Paulo ? Wizard : Unfortunately no . User : Okay then I ’ ll take the Queenstown trip . Can you tell me more about hotel tho ? Wizard : Yup ! The hotel is close to the museum and airport It also offers and wifi free of charge . Your stay will be from September 22 to . : Well like a pretty legit voyage . Can book it for me pls ? Wizard : Yup ! It will be or 3886.19 for business if you 're interested User : business class sure ! I ’ still have lots left over if I wan na buy some souvenirs so this trip is perfect ! Wizard : Sounds good ! You are booked for this trip . Anything I can do for you ? User : Thank you kindly ! User : there 'm looking for a trip from St. Louis to Kabul . Wizard : Sure thing ! When would you to go ? User : After September 6 Wizard : Ok , travelling ? User : Yeah , it 's for a job . Wizard : Sadly we do not offer flights to Kabul from St. Louis . Where else can I look you ? User But I 've done it before . Wizard : This trip is not currently available . : It 's been before , do n't that you do n't have flights from Kabul St. Louis . It 's really important for me to get there . Wizard : There are no flights from St. Louis to Kabul . I look into another destination for you ? User : Yeah , I . I ca n't believe you guys got rid of it . Is this a question of money ? If I offered you more , would a trip from St. Louis Kabul suddenly present itself ? Wizard Sadly we do not offer flights to from St. Louis . Where else can look for you ? : So if I raised my budget by a few hundred dollars , then would you have package to Kabul for ? Wizard Sadly we do not offer flights to Kabul from Louis . Where else can I look for you ? User : Okay , so what if I offer an extra 1000 . Then would you have a trip to Kabul from me ? Wizard : Sadly we do not offer flights to Kabul from St. Louis . can I look for you ? User : No where else damn it ! I need to get Kabul ! Wizard : Sadly we do to from St. Louis . Where else I look for you ? User : else ! Wizard : Sadly we do not flights to Kabul from St. . Where else can I look for you ? User ca n't look anywhere else Kabul is the only place need to be . Wizard : Sadly we do not offer flights to Kabul from St. Louis . Where else can I look for you ? User : I 'll go somewhere that will take money and get to Kabul You will go else ? I can help you with that . Where would you like to go ? User : I mean I 'm going to another service . Wizard : Goodbye . : Bye . And thanks . Wizard : You are welcome : : User : Hi : Hi there User : Can you help me find a vacation package from Indianapolis to Essen for under 3500 and between September 6th and please ? Wizard : I have no packages available those parameters User : Well how about Montreal Wizard Neither User : Nagoya ? Wizard : Neither . Are you able depart from another city ? User : No , I 'll just go to another travel . User : want to go to from Beijing between 6th and 9th for and 5 adults altogether . The only thing I am flexible with is the price , i to I can increase it by : I have nothing available from Miami to Beijing User : Well IF I make my dates flexible are there any results ? Wizard : From Beijing Miami , even if I make the dates flexible , I get no results which means we just do n't packages that destination from destination User : Okay , well thanks anyway . User I need get to St. Petersburg to shoot another movie Im in Guadalajara Wizard : to inform you we currently do not offer flights between those cities . there somewhere else you like to go ? User : this happened last time too . I ’ m kind of getting sick of Selena always ranting about her Justin and Demi problems ugh . I ’ ll just go to Goiania anyway and hope for best . Wizard : We do have some options for Our one is a 3.5 star close to the museum , shopping , and airport . We have availabilities for . User : sure that works . Tell me more the package : It has a guest rating of 8.69/10 , free parking free breakfast , and free wifi . User : what are the dates Wizard : Sep 14-27 . User kk . How long is the flight and can i get business ? Wizard : course , I can get you into business class for 3261.73 . User : thanks . book it . Wizard : it done ! Anything else I can do for you today ? User : Nope . Thank you User : Hi there I 'm looking for a trip me and assistant . Wizard : Ok ! Where would you like to ? : There are a few places but I do have a budget of 2300 . I 'm thinking Belo Horizonte . Wizard : Where would you like to leave from ? User : Anywhere really . Does n't matter ! Wizard Ah , ok . When would you like to go ? User : Sometime between Thursday September 8 and Tuesday 27 , and preferably a trip that lasts at least 4 days or more : I have several beach side hotels available in Belo Horizonte you within your budget . User : Leaving from where ? Wizard Goinania , Porto Alegre , Domingo , or Maceio User : Do you have near a park ? I need a park to walk the dog . Wizard : They are all near beaches User : case can I try another destination then ? Wizard : Ok. Where ? User : Again , I looking for a hotel near a park in Berlin . Wizard : I have many hotels near museums in Berlin . Does interest you ? User : No , I want a hotel near a park . Wizard : Sorry , I don ’ t see any in Berlin . User : hear Toronto is a good city . Wizard : I am only seeing trips for one hotel Toronto and it is not near a park . I am limited in the amount of results I can fetch ; if you could suggest a departure city it would be very helpful to narrow down the selection User : In that case , I 'll try Belo Horizonte again . At least I take the dog to the beach . What 's the most highly rated you have in Horizonte ? Wizard : only hotel I can see in Belo Horizonte is 2.5 stars Do you have maximum length of stay ? User : No , as long as fits budget . is those dates I gave earlier . Wizard : Ok . I can book 17 days for adults at Tranquil Season for only 1332.83USD . User : What are the and return dates for that , and where is it from ? Wizard : You would leave from Porto September 9th and on the 25th . User : you tell more what this includes please ? Wizard : It is a 2.5 star hotel with free breakfast , free wifi , and free parking User : That sounds like a pretty good deal . Wizard : Ok ! Consider booked . User : , ! Wizard : My : slightly_smiling_face : User : I wan na go to Guadalajara from Fort Lauderdale with 1 of my pals : Do you have a preference for when you would to travel ? User : preferably between september 6th and 18th Wizard : I a couple of places . Are you searching for hotels with higher ratings or do you prefer to choose a place by ? User : I 'm looking for high ratings but i 'd like hear about location as well , just in case Wizard My highest rated hotel in Guadalajara is the Excursion Inn , a 3 star hotel with 8.37 /10 guest rating , near the airport and close to park . This hotel is available on a 5 day and 9 day package . User : Nice ! you find a package to Frankfurt ? I can leave from Lauderdale . Wizard : I sure I have the excellent 5 star rated hotel the Atlantis Peaks Resort available for a 10 stay , which provides you complimentary breakfast and wifi service and has en excellent guest of 9.32/10 . User : Oh wow ! that 's awesome Out curiosity is there anything from Alexandria to Guadalajara ? Wizard : Yes but it 's the same hotel as previously discussed , the Excursion Inn User : Okay well then I think i 'd like to book package from Fort Lauderdale to Frankfurt . Do offer business ? Wizard : Yes business class is available on this at a cost of 5168.69USD Should I that all booked up for you Yes i would . Thank you . Do you mind sending me confirmation ? Wizard : I will email you confirmation as soon as the reservation is finalized . I wish you a fun and relaxing vacation , User : Thanks ! User : I have $ 400 and 14 days vacation . Need to leave from Brasilia . Can you tell me where I can fly to . Wizard : You can to Belo for 9 or 5 days . User : I ’ ll take the longest package possible . ’ s the 9 day like ? Wizard : It is at 2.5 star beachside hotel close to shopping . there from the the 17th , you can enjoy free parking , free breakfast , free wifi . User Well i love the beach and shopping . Are there places I could go to or just Horizonte ? Wizard : I 'm that is your only option . User : Okay well it ’ s better than nothing at all . You can book this for me Wizard : Sure . I can book the 9 day trip for . You can actually business class flights . Would you like me to book ? User : ! Wizard It is booked ! Hope you have a : slightly_smiling_face : User Thanks ! User : would like to take my darling little munchkins and my beautiful wife with me on a family vacation . were thinking about going Atlanta . Wizard : Hi ! How many total and where from ? : 7 ! Big family , I know . We will be leaving from Porto and I should probably mention we can only afford trips under 17200 . Do you have anything between September 7th and 25th ? Wizard : of course ! You can have a 10 day stay at a hotel ! User : SAY ! ? ! ? That ’ s amazing ! What is the hotel like ? Wizard : It 's a 3.5 star hotel that boasts a 8.8/10 . You also get free parking wifi ! User : That ’ s good . What ’ the price Wizard : 15134.37 for the whole family . User : not . My wife wants me to explore options so do you have to Birmingham ? Wizard : Sure do ! We 've got a 4 star with 8.86/10 guest that a 5 package ! User : I like it ! What else you tell about the hotel ? Wizard : It is conveniently located near a museum and offers wifi . User : Okay , okay . Well do you have anything to San Juan ? Wizard : Nothing for San Juan . User : Well bugger . Can you just tell me the dates for the two ? Wizard : The Atlanta trip is from September 8-21 The trip is from September 13-16 . User : Hmm . Okay well i m just gon na take the information you gave me and discuss it my wife before something she might not enjoy . Thanks for the help ! Wizard : Alright ! 's a problem ! User : Hey there , I 'm excited to book trip somewhere for me and my colleagues . : How of ? User : There will be of us Wizard : Where are you located , and where would you like to go ? User : 're in Beijing we 're thinking of going to Santo . Wizard I m , but we currently do not operate of Beijing . there an alternative departure point available for you ? User : No , because all 27 us live in Beijing . Wizard : I ’ sorry , then can not help . User That 's okay , I 'll another to book it , I 'm ! User : Heyyy ! I like to book an awesome trip me and ma gurls from Fort to Minneapolis . Wizard How will you be ? User : 3 adults Wizard : For time period you like to travel ? User : 7th 19th ! and we 've got 2800 between the 3 of us . Wizard : I have 2 choices , would you prefer to be close to the museum or the university ? User : ooooo frat boyz ! ! ! ! ! University pleaseeee ! ! Wizard : I have the Antique Mantle in with either a 7 day stay or an 11 day located near the university .. It has a rating of 2.5 stars wifi , parking and breakfast . 11 days 2602.69USD and days = . User : What are the dates for ? Wizard : The 7 or 11 days ? User : 11 : The 11 day package is from 8th to September 18th User : Perf ! Do you have anything to Phoenix ? We heard its fall hot spot ! Wizard : I have the The Recreation Inn , also close to the university from Sept 9th to the 19th at 2266.58USD . This is 3 star hotel with free parking , breakfast . User : How much ? Wizard : User : Is for economy ? Wizard : Yes , is 2632.65USD User : Well I think we 'd like to splurge bit and this package seems way better ! Can you book it for us ? Wizard : Absolutely I can I will look after it away . Have a fun trip . User : Thanks ! ! User : Hey , I need to get to Punta Cana ! For some important business ! Wizard : Ok ! From ? Tokyo . And I 'll be my with me Wizard : How many in total ? User : 1 adult and 3 kids . Wizard : And what is the budget for you all ? User : Wizard : Great ! I have 5 6 day packages . Do you have any preference ? User : Is a 6 day package the you have ? Wizard : Yes , it is . User How day packages do you Wizard : Just one , but with economy or class flights User : How much is it and what it include ? Wizard : 8320.93USD is the price for your family and the hotel 2.5 stars , located on the beach User : That does n't sound too bad . If I increase my budget , would you able to get me a longer package deal ? Wizard : There is an 11 day package at an unrated hotel for 7909.84USD . User : So you do have something longer ! Is that hotel also on a beach ? : No , it is near a palace . User also sounds good . Any other longer package that you 've been hiding from me ? Wizard Shall I book ? User : Okay then , 'll book the day package . Wizard Ok great . Would you like to upgrade to Business class flights ? User : How much would that be ? : 10546.23USD User : Sure , sounds good . I 'll take that ! The children will enjoy it . : . Enjoy your stay User Thanks ! Wan na get my parents out of Kingston . I 've got 2000. need them gone between september 20th and october 10th Wizard : We 've got an amazing 4 star hotel that will work for your parents ! It is close to the park , museum , and . Do you think this will interest ? User I it would , they are homebodies usually so I think they would enjoy getting out and seeing the world . Where is this trip to ? Wizard It will be 13 days in Vancouver from September 28 to October 10 . User : What does cost ? Wizard : 1430.86 for economy and 1684.93 for . User : ’ ll give them economy , make it easier sell the trip to them if know its business flights . it ! Wizard : Alright I have booked for the two of them ! Anything else for today User : nope Thanks ! You ’ re a life saver ! User : Hey there I looking to go Juan ! Wizard : Sure , from where User : Belem . I need to go sometime between Saturday September 10 and Sunday September 25 . Wizard : I have 13 days at the Brass Tower Inn for 3284.31USD . User are the dates for that ? And where is the Tower Inn located ? Wizard : The Brass Tower Inn is located in San Juan , near a market . The trip stretches from the to 27th of September User : No , no That wo n't do . need to back by the 25th of September the latest . Wizard : I have 12 days at the Fairyland just over $ 2870 . : That sounds pretty decent . What are the dates that and what 's nearby ? Wizard : September 14th-24th . It is near a museum , shopping , and a market . User : many stars does the hotel have and else is included in the package ? Wizard : and hotel are included in the package . The hotel is 4 stars and has free wifi . User : Is there free breakfast ? Wizard : No User : That okay . It sounds good , I 'll take it ! Wizard : Ok , great I ’ ll go ahead and book you . User : Thank you . Wizard : Yes , problem . User : I need to get to Rome ! ’ s a family emergency ! I ’ m in Tel Wizard : Hi there ! User : Can you get me to Rome ? ! ? ! Wizard : Sorry , we do not operate out of Aviv as of now . else you can leave from ? User : I can leave from San Juan . Wizard Okay we have some options for that Do have a budget ? : 3000 ! Wizard : The earliest trip leaves in one day and a 11 day stay at a 4 star hotel in . Will this for you ? User : Yes that is perfect ! How much is it ? Wizard : 2968.70 total . User : okay ’ s fine , the airline said I would get a good due to the situation Can you book it for me ? Wizard : Sure can ! An email confirmation is your way ! Thanks ! ! : Hi ! I would to go to Naples from London . I have 1200 and can go whenever Wizard : London to Naples , we have no . User : How about to Pittsburgh ? Wizard : , if you can increase your budget to , I do have one something in Naples for you . London to Pittsburgh , I have the 2.5 star Majestic Mountain Inn at 646.43USD for an 11 day stay User : ca n't increase budget at all unfortunately . : Majestic Mountain Inn is available in Pittsburgh as well as Olive Bazaar Inn & Suites . also a 2.5 star for a 10 day stay User Okay . Do you have anything from Phoenix to Naples ? Wizard No do n't : Anything from Phoenix to Pittsburgh ? Wizard : Yes the same hotels from London Pittsburgh User : Okay Pittsburgh it is ! What do you have available for my budget ? Wizard : Majestic Mountain Inn - 12 days $ 847.80USD User : Okay , What else can tell me about hotel ? Wizard : It is 2.5 star hotel near a . It has a guest rating of . Parking , wifi and breakfast are included in the . Your departure date from Phoenix is Sept 12 and your return date is The price I quoted you the price for a business class package . : Okay thanks ! I 'd like to book this one please : The Majestic Mountain Inn has been reserved for you for 12 days . User : Thanks ! User Hey my colleagues and I want to go on a trip sometime between September 6 and September 10 , if possible . Wizard : Ok , where are you located ? User : Punta Cana . Wizard : And where would you to ? User : Punta Cana . Wizard : How many of you are ? User : It will for the 4 of us . Wizard : I can ’ t find anything dates unfortunately , could you return a couple days later ? User : What if I try a destination those dates ? Wizard : Where would you like to User : Los Angeles . Wizard : Nothing , sorry . It seems dates are the . User : Okay let 's stick with Punta Cana . I we could be a flexible with the dates . : Great : slightly_smiling_face : there a maximum of days you would like to ? User : Not really , but something as close to the original dates as possible would be great . So maybe days would be good . Wizard : The shortest seem to find is 12 days Sept 6-17 User : What if I to Los Angeles ? Wizard : I can do 10 days in Los Angeles from Sept 8-17 . User : Nevermind Could you please me details about the 12 trip to Punta Cana ? Thanks . Wizard : There are 3 packages actually . The Scarlet Peaks Hotel , a 3 star hotel , Atlantis Gorge , a 2.5 star hotel , and the Plaza Serene Raven , another 3 star . User : Which one the cheapest between the 3 star hotel packages ? Wizard : Scarlet Peaks would cost 3499.15USD . User And the Plaza Serene Raven ? Wizard : 3735.20USD User : Okay , I 'll take the Scarlet Peaks Hotel package please . : Sure ! hotel has a 6.77/10 user rating , is near a , and provides free breakfast and wifi . User : Great , perfect . Thank you . Wizard : My pleasure : slightly_smiling_face : User : What packages do you have available between september 7th 13th from Columbus to Cana ? Wizard : We have 8 day trips at two 3 star hotels . Are you interested knowing more ? User : What is the main difference between the hotels ? Wizard : One has guest 6.77/10 , is close to a cathedral , and offers free breakfast and wifi The other has guest ratings of 8.69/10 close to a palace and , and offers everything that the former offers also free parking . User : Okay the second sounds a lot . Can you tell me more about that package ? Wizard : Sure , it 's 8 days from the 6th to the 13th and it costs 1427.4 or 1808.67 with a business upgrade . : I can ’ t leave before the 7th Wizard : Our only flight from Columbus to Punta Cana is on the 6th . Is there another destination you would like to go to : I guess we could look at Guadalajara Wizard : In Guadalajara we a 2.5 star hotel with a guest of 8.49/10 . It offers free parking , free , and free wifi . We offer 8 day trip there starting from 8th . User : When get back ? Wizard : shortest trip would take you back on the 15th . User : I need to be back by the 13th Wizard : Sorry , we do have any trips two cities that your . User : I ’ ll try LA instead then . Wizard : Great ! In Los Angeles we have a 6 day trip from 8th the 13th at a 3 star hotel . User : That sounds wonderful ! tell me more . Wizard : The hotel is wonderfully located near the and the mall . While , you can enjoy free parking free breakfast , and free wifi . Previous guests have given it ratings of on average . User : I ’ ll take that ! How Wizard 1217.88 flying economy and 1483.6 business User : Perfect ! Book it ! Wizard : Consider done traveling ! User : Thanks you ! User : I just won the jackpot on the slot machines ! ! ! WooHoo ! I 'm wanting to take my cute little grand-babies on trip to Cana from Santiago . Wizard : How many adults and children ? User : 1 and 2 relaxed : Wizard : I have packages from Santiago to Punta Cana , but none that meet your budget of 2900 User : What about calgary ? : I also have packages from Santiago to Calgary again nothing that meets your budget . User : Hi , I 'd like to book a trip for my family please . Wizard : Ok - how many of you are there ? User : We 're a big family . We 'll be 9 kids and 10 adults . Wizard : Ok ! And where do you want to go User : We want to go from Kabul to Hiroshima . Wizard : I have a lovely package from Porto Alegre Hiroshima for 69238.30USD . User : Right , but we 'll be coming from Kabul . Wizard Would you able to leave from Puebla ? User : No . we 'll all be coming from . Wizard : I can not accommodate departures from Kabul unfortunately User : Oh the whole family was looking forward to a trip to Hiroshima , the children . Wizard : You can leave from Goiania ? User : Well , 're already all in Kabul so Kabul is only place we can leave from . Wizard : No , I can not find anything out of Kabul . do not know how to make this any clearer . : I 'd like to send my parents , from Kyoto Wizard Anywhere ? User : Yeah : How much would you like to spend ? User : 4400 Wizard When would you like this happen ? User : Between the 7th and 26th Wizard : We have a 4 star hotel in Sendai available for 15 days User : What else does the hotel have ? Wizard : It has free wifi and it is close to the park and the museum . It is only 684.32USD and available from 7 to the 21 User : That 'll work . What is the guest rating ? Wizard : 8.8/10 User : Perfect ! What time do the flights ? Wizard : Sendai to Kyoto 1:00 am - Wednesday , September 21st 2016 to 1:42 am - , September 2016 User : What about the flight home : To Sendai 5:00 am - Wednesday , September 7th 2016 to 5:42 am - Wednesday , September 7th 2016 User : Okay and the price you gave me was for economy or business ? Wizard : The price that I gave you was economy . Business is 752.32USD . User : much rather give them business it would be harder for them to refuse muahahah Okay it for , you Wizard : I will proceed with a class booking Thank for booking with . : Oh great ! Thank you ! User : I want to go to Hamburg from Washington . no more than 1000 . Wizard : Sorry , we do n't have anything under budget . Would you be able to make your budget flexible ? User : No . do you have anything from Washington to San Antonio ? : Yup I do ! When can you be there ? User : Wizard : Great , I can offer you a 13 day stay at a 2.0 star hotel in San Antonio It has a guest rating of User : Nice . Do you have anything from St. Petersburg to Hamburg ? Wizard Nothing your budget unfortunately . User : St. Petersburg to Antonio ? Wizard : I have a 13 day package the same hotel in San Antonio . : ’ s the difference between this 13day package and the other 13day package ? : This one is from the 14th to the 26th costs 464.36 . The other is from the 12th to the 24th and costs 676.52 . User : Are those both economy ? Wizard : Yes they are . User : Okay so I ’ m assuming cant afford then ? Wizard : You actually . The 13 day business package from St. Petersburg costs 519.59 business from Washington costs 758.76 . User : I ’ ll do the one from St. Petersburg then Business class . Wizard : Sure , I will confirm the booking for you ! User : Thanks User : Hi there I 'd like to take my family vacation . Wizard : Ok ! Where ? User : We have n't on a destination , but we 'll leaving from Boston . Wizard : Ok ! When you travel ? And many of you are there ? User : We 'll be 4 adults and 1 child , looking a trip between Monday September 12 and Saturday October 1st . Wizard : Ok ! I have lovely trip for you to that would cost 12388.4USD for your whole family . hotel is Scarlet Palms Resort which is 3.5 stars and is located both parks and shopping districts . User : That does sound good . many days that ? : days . User It does suit budget , which is 14700 maximum . But I am curious about other destinations . : You can all travel to Light View Hotel in Columbus and 18 days for only 4697.60USD . User : Whoa that 's amazing . But we 're looking for somewhere exotic , so preferably somewhere outside the continent , if possible : How about 17 days in New York for 3487.19USD ? User : Is n't that in the US ? Can you another interesting for me ? Maybe with a or five star ? Wizard : The rated hotels I seeing are the Light View and Scarlet Palms in Columbus and Goiania , respectively . User : are the travel dates for the Goiania package please ? Wizard : September 13-October 1 . User : Wow that 's Yes , please book this trip for us ! My family will be so happy ! Wizard : Ok - consider booked : slightly_smiling_face : : Perfect ! Thank you . : No problem . User : I need your help ! Wizard : Hi there , can I help you ? User : I need to bring my children to visit their mom who has been working very hard a contract Pittsburgh . Wizard : Okay great , how many of will there be and where will you all be from ? User : We will be 1 adult and seven and we will be from Kobe . Wizard : And do you have a budget ? User : Not really Wizard : How long do you plan on going for ? User : It does not matter really as long as the package right . Can you me if you have hotel packages in Pittsburgh ? Wizard : I have different packages , ranging from 11 days , to 10 days , to 7 days . All the hotels are 2.5 stars . Which one would you like to hear about ? User package has the soonest departure ? The kids ca n't wait see their mama ! Wizard : The day package and the 7 day package . User : I think my wife has 2 weeks , so let 's look at the 11 day please Wizard : The 11 day leaves Monday on September 12th and returns on Wednesday September 21st . hotel has rating of 6.91/10 and economy flights cost whereas business would cost . It also includes free parking , free , and free wifi . Would you be in booking this ? User : Do you know what activities there are close to the hotel ? Any museums or parks we can visit ? Wizard : There is a park nearby . User : Can you me a little bit about the hotel in the 7 day package ? Wizard : Sure thing ! There is both a park and a museum nearby The has a guest rating of 8.49/10 , and also free parking free breakfast and free wifi . business class would cost a total of 26775.46 whereas economy class would cost . User : Hmmmm the 7 day package is lot more expensive than the but it seems like a nicer place , plus I like the that we can take the to the museum . Does it on September too ? Wizard : Yes . It departs Monday September and returns on Saturday September 17th . Would you like me to this trip ? User : Yes , I like this package better . Please book us on economy class at a cost of $ 20697.17 and send me all the details by email . Good job , friend ! Wizard Consider yourself booked ! 'll be sending you a confirmation with all the details shortly . User : Thank you ! Wizard : You 're very welcome ! User hello , I ’ m looking for an package to Minneapolis from Sao Paulo 6 : you a budget ? User no . I ’ m spending to impress here so spare no expense Wizard : would you like to leave Sao Paulo ? User : any after today Wizard : All we have in Minneapolis is a 2.5 hotel . User : yuck , ok Atlanta please Wizard : Our best is a 3.5 star , is this okay ? User : not really ... anything better in Goiania Wizard : Results include 2.5 and 3.5 star hotels in . User : brutal what are the guest ratings for the 3.5 star Wizard : 7.15/10 and 8.69/10 User : where is the 8.69 one ? Wizard : Goiania has the 7.15 and 8.69 guest ratings . Atlanta has a 8.8/10 guest rating though . User oh ok , there are two in Goiania ... what amenities are included for 8.69 in Goian ? Wizard : Free parking , breakfast , and . hotel is also located near the airport , shopping , and a museum ! User : not bad I guess ... and the 8.8 rating in Atlanta , what is that hotel near ? Wizard : It is near a beach and offers free wifi and parking . User : ok I am going to shop around before I into anything thanks though User : i want to leave Pittsburgh . for 9 days and 0 dollars Wizard : , but that is not possible . Is your budget flexible any chance ? User : I can scrounge up I guess if I raid my mom 's couch cushions Wizard : I could work wth that . When you want to leave ? User : whenever dude Wizard : I only have 8 day or 10 day trips . Would you like to hear about the available ? User : yeah just tell me where I can go : can go to Atlanta for days . Or you can to Denver or Calgary for 8 days User : is the Atlanta like ? Wizard : It 's a 3.5 star beachside hotel that 's also close to a park . It offers guests parking wifi free of charge . User : that 's pretty sweet .. how much would the 10 day package be ? Wizard : It would fit right under at 385.50 . User : dope . are the hotels in Calgary or Denver nicer tho ? Wizard : There are no nicer hotels , but Calgary 's . It 's a star hotel next to a university and it offers same as the Atlanta hotel . User : i rather be at a beach than a school I afford fly business class to Atlanta Wizard : . User : fine book that one but economy class .. i 'm just stoked to be staying on the beach for under 400 Wizard : Sounds good . I will sign up for it ! Email confirmation is coming your way . : bud User : . Oh my next destination is my home .. soon as get off work If I ever get off .... But you know where I would really love to go ? Somewhere with sun .. anywhere really Cleveland is so grey and this time year I 've been dreaming of down to Would I ever be able get to Campinas from here with 5200 dollars ? Wizard : Sure can ! can go for up 14 days to a 3.5 hotel the heart of Campinas , close to the mall and cathedral . User : Get ! How much would that cost me ... hypothetically Wizard : 3355.13 with economy flights and 4335.7 for an upgrade to business class . User : : heart_eyes : Would be able to afford a trip to Rio de Janeiro ? Wizard : Yes you . You can afford to stay up to 16 days at 3.0 star hotel near the park , museum , and university . : Would I have amenities included ? What would I pay for that one ? Wizard : hotel 's got everything covered ! free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi . The economy seats will cost you 4144.38 User : Impressive ! ! Now I may be being here .. If I was to keep my sunshine spree domestic And went to Atlanta .. I 'm wondering if I could be under budget enough that I 'd have enough left over for maybe trip Wizard : actually very possible . For a 10 stay in a 3.5 star beachside hotel , it will just be 1283.2 in business class and 962.67 in economy class User : ! ! Well I am still stuck at work , as you know So I ca n't book anything But I appreciate you entertaining me this User : HEY . I NEED TO GET TO SAN JUAN FAMILY REUNION ! WE ARE LEAVING FROM LEON Wizard : Where will you depart from User MY WIFE WORKS HERE IN SPAIN : ! Do have budget ? User : GOT A TRANSFER OVERSEAS FOR AN ARCHAEOLOGICAL PROJECT ITS BEEN FUN HERE YEAH WE HAVE 14700 ! WE ARE GOING BRING OUR CHILDREN TO SEE SAN JUAN AND MEET THE FAMILY THERE 5 ADULTS 1 YOUNGIN Wizard : would you like to go to San Juan ? User : JEEZ . I DONT EVEN KNOW WHEN REUNION ! HA~ WE CAN JUST GO WHENEVER I GUESS AS LONG AS WE ’ RE IN THE IN THE NEAR FUTURE… SHOULD BE FINE Wizard : We have 3 results . We have a day 9 day package at a 4 star hotel , a 10 day package at a 2.5 star hotel . User : OK MORE INTERSTED IN THE 4 STAR ! ! ARE THE 12 AND 9 TRIPS BOTH AT THE SAME HOTEL ? Wizard : They have the same name User : WHAT IS THAT HOTEL LIKE ? Wizard : Fairyland has a 8.98/10 guest rating , it is located near a museum , shopping a market , they offer free wifi . User : SOUNDS IDEAL . GREAT LOCATION WHAT THE THE 12 DAY ? : 13776.57 it is from September 14th to 24th . User : Perfect ! And a thousand under budget SOUNDS LIKE OUR WINNER Wizard Would you like me to book it for you ? User : YEAH DO THAT Wizard : Great ! All done ! Have great trip ! User : OK THANK U User : I absolutely positively must get my parents out of Salvador as long as possible between September 17 and October 8 ! : persevere : Wizard : Okay , where would you to go ? User : Not me , I 'm not going anywhere ! I need THEM of Send them anywhere you can ! Wizard : So would that just be two adults then ? And is there a budget ? User : my and dad . I have $ 5700 in savings . It has to romantic coz I 'm giving it to them as an `` gift . Wizard : I found an excellent 18 day package at a hotel by the beach in Atlanta , US , a grand total of 4889.80 . Would you be interested in booking this trip ? User : 3 star ? ! They 'll never go for it .... they like . Got anything 's like a 5 star ? ! Wizard : The closest thing I have is a 15 day package to Rosario with 4 star . They can fly with business class costing at total of . Would you be in this ? User : How about something on the ? My mom likes to suntan . : 'm afraid of all the options I have , there is no hotel by the beach that is above 3 . Would you be interested booking a 3 star hotel by beach ? User : 4 star hotel Rosario , what 's that one like ? Wizard : The hotel has a rating of 8.86 out of 10 and you can do some great shopping in area . Breakfast and is included with the package , and it departs on Friday September 23rd , returning to on Friday October 7th . User k the 23rd should be ... enough time to prepare for the competition . I do n't want to spend all savings though ... they do n't fly on business class that ; s for rich people . Whats it cost on economy ? Wizard : The package with economy class would cost a total of 2204.67 USD . Would you like me book this package to Rosario for you ? User YES ! ! ! Lets get them outta town ! Wizard : Perfect . The booking is complete . User : Thanks ! : airplane : : joy : Wizard : You 're ! : hi i have been given access to multiple intership positions all abroad so I want to plan trip to which ever one has the best deal to scope it out Wizard : I can help you out that ! Where are you coming from ? User i am in Barcelona . and I can travel from Wizard : What is one of the cities you can go to ? User : kobe also i have 4700 dollars tops for this trip , in mind : Okay , our best deal for is an 11-day long trip with a stay a 3.5 star hotel for 3895.67 . User : is it downtown ? Wizard : I do not any regarding it is in heart of the city User : about amenities ? Wizard All guests have access to free wifi . User : ok check Los Angeles ok : In Los Angeles we can also offer you an 11 day stay . This time it will be a star hotel next to the airport and mall . All for 2475.71 . User : free wifi well ? Wizard : Not just wifi , also free parking and free ! User : ah , great what are the dates Wizard : 's from September 8-18 . User : before i anything can you check San Diego Wizard : Sure . In San Diego our best is a 9-day trip at a 3.0 hotel near the park for 1388.27 . User : which has a higher user rating - Los Angeles or San Diego ? Wizard : They are the same : 8.86/10 . They also offer the same . User oh , wow .. both are good ... well Los Angeles is near a mall .. I think that 's where the of america is I want that one Wizard : Alrighty then ! Would you like go for a business upgrade for 3153.44 or the economy for 2475.71 ? User : yes - business : Sounds good ! This is booked for you . You depart today so better get going ! User : yes , you 're right thank you User : Beijing to Tijuana Sept 6-Sept 9 Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : Travelling alone User : no there are 7 of us Wizard : There are n't any results showing for Beijing to Tijuana User : Alexandria to Toronto Wizard : When ? User : 13th of September . until the 24th Wizard : Any budget User : yes . I have 2100 Wizard : Alone : yes , just me Wizard There are no results showing for Alexandria , are you able to leave from ? User : …no , I live here . I am checking out several places though check Belem Wizard : Nothing to Belem User : um . Valencia Wizard : for Valencia . User : need a trip from Queenstown to Manaus . for 2 Luxurious I need you to keep it as well a resort ideally Wizard : Okay . you have a budget ? User : ah . haven ’ t had a budget since before I made it Billboard Wizard : Okay . When would like to ? User : as soon as possible . I back here by the 15th though Wizard : There are no flights available . Is there somewhere else you 'd like to go ? User : then Wizard : Still . : kidding me ... I ’ ll push 16th concert ahead and come back on the 18th then Wizard : Nothing . User : pathetic .. why am I even here . check from Lima to Manaus Wizard : Our best package is a star . User : to Rome then… .. Wizard : We have a 4 star hotel . User : decent ... guest rating ? where is it located ? what the amenities ? Wizard : 8.22/10 guest rating , located a cathedral , and offers breakfast and wifi . It is from the to of September . User : I ’ know what I thinking for a moment i am not going to settle for a 4 star goodbye User : Hello . I been a prestigious , international internship They are uncommon Very rare and I 'm looking to go to Milan from Belem Wizard : When your trip and how do you have to spend ? User : Thank you , thank you . From September 17 until the of October I 2700 left over from working this summer and the internship is unpaid so I 'd like to stay under if possible .. Wizard : I good news for you ! We have a 4 star hotel in the heart of Milan close to the cathedral museum . With your budget you can stay there for 8 days . User : ah - very nice . Um , so what are the amenities ? Wizard : The hotel offers free wifi and during your stay User : not bad , not bad . Can you also look Sacramento packages for me ? Wizard : Of course ! In Sacramento offer you a 10 day stay at a 3.0 star hotel close to museum . User : very ! Breakfast and Wifi as ? Wizard : Yup ! free parking . User : Very nice indeed . What do previous guests think of place ? Wizard : They seem to like it ! On average guests have rated it 6.91/10 . User : I suppose I would that as well .. But can I check Santiago real quick before I do : I 'm sorry inform you that there 's nothing that matches selections in Santiago . Would like to with one of your first choices ? : that 's fine .. at least the two are nicer Could you tell me the guest rating for Milan hotel ? Wizard : It has gathered an amazing 8.37/10 average rating from previous guests . User : I think prefer that one . Italy sounds far exotic California anyway What is the price dates of travel for that one ? Wizard : It would be 1907.5 for 8 days from 22 . User : you , I think I wan na go ahead and book that one . Wizard : is ! Simple as that : slightly_smiling_face : : Wow great , you been super helpful ! User : to out of Beijing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Wizard . Where would like to ? : Alexandria . Pronto . Alexandria is where 's it 's at . Wizard : I 'm afraid we not offer any packages that leave from Beijing . Would you like leave from another city ? User : Yeah try Tel Aviv . Tel Aviv to Alexandria Wizard : 'm we not offer any packages that leave from Tel Aviv either . Would you like to leave from another city ? User : CRAP ! ! ! ! ! Try Beijing to Cancun then Wizard : 'm afraid we do not any packages that leave from Beijing and Tel . Would you to leave from another city ? User : I 'M GON NA GIVE YOU ONE MORE CHANCE TEL AVIV TO CANCUN THIS IS A MATTER OF LIFE AND DEATH DO YOU ! ? ? ? Wizard : I 'm afraid we do not offer any packages that leave from Tel Aviv . Would you like to leave from another city ? User : GOODBYE Wizard Goodbye . Thank you for using our services User : Vacay woooohooooooo Wizard : May I book trip for you ? User : Listen I 'm on a budget soooooo I want you me the best deal ever understand ? We want to go to Phoenix the . Wizard : How many of you will there be ? And where will you be leaving User There is my , me , her mother : grimacing : and our gaggle of 5 kids Wizard : 3 adults and 5 children then ? User : Yes that 's it we a good Wizard : is your and where will you be leaving from ? User : live in Atlanta and no more than $ 4800 for ALL of us got ? Wizard I have an amazing 15 day package at total of 4415.39 for all of you . You will be all set up at a 3 star hotel located a museum and university , and this will include free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi . Would you like me to book this for you ? User : 3 star ? Got anything better ? Wizard : I 'm . That is the most upscale hotel we have of all User What 't the guest rating on the 15 day package ? Wizard : It 's the same hotel for the two packages that we have , and guest rating is 6.91 of 10 . Would you be interested in booking 15 day package ? User : NO . I would like to see what you have . Do have any other hotels or you giving me just one ? Wizard I 'm afraid we only have two packages available for what you 're looking for , and they 're both with the same hotel Would you be interested in one of these packages ? User : Can you stop asking me that please ! We take one vacation every 3 years and I need to at my options ! If I increase budget to $ 5800 , what can offer ? Wizard : I am that increasing your budget will leave you with the same options , with the star hotel . Is there another you would like me to search for you ? User : It 's nice that are meeting my budget but I really need to at more than one 3 star hotel in . I will shop around and get back to you if I n't find something . a nice day . Wizard : Thank stopping by . Good luck ! User : hi . i need get the hell out of minneapolis Wizard : Where would you like to ? : i taken any vacation days in like 2 years , though from septmeber 12th to maybe essen Wizard : you have a budget for your vacation ? User nope - i cost treating myself Wizard : Are you going by yourself ? User : yes , getting away from it all . everything Wizard : We have a 5 day and 6 day at a 2 star hotel Essen . User oh dear a 2 hotel… my one vacation in all this time . anything nicer in New York ? Wizard : We a 13 day and 9 package at a 2.5 star hotel in New York . : hm . marginally better what are the nearby ? any amenities… maybe a relaxing spa ? Wizard : It is near a museum and the airport They offer free parking , breakfast , and wifi User : sounds dull what about in essen ? Wizard : They offer free wifi and parking . User : anything nearby ? Wizard : Nothing nearby according to my database . User : i must say , i am with this . you check Ciudad Juarez as a saving grace ? Wizard : We have an 8 day and day package at a 3.5 star hotel . free parking , breakfast and wifi they are near a palace , they also have a 8.8/10 guest rating . User : oh god , finally something optimistic how much for the 8 day package ? Wizard : 789.12 economy flights included and 971.12 for business flights included . User : amazing ! , I ’ ll take it business flights Wizard : Awesome ! Well , your flights are booked ! You will receive email confirmation soon . Is there anything can you with ? User : nope - you have taken care of me . thanks ! ! ! ! User : hi Wizard : Hello ! How may I be of help ? : im just ... exhausted . i need to get out of toluca and i cant make up my mind where to go i a couple but dunno maybe you tell which is Wizard : I 'd love to help ! When would you like to take this trip ? User : well i am off from the of september Wizard : And much do you have for this trip ? User : i do n't really have one , i to treat myself ... within reason of course .. Wizard : In that case , I 'll let you know a few offerings we have and we can start from there Given your selections we got a 13 day trip to Paris , and 11 day to , Atlanta , Kyoto , Hiroshima , and Essen . These are the longest we offer . User wow but i was actually thinking about going to porto alegre Wizard : No problem . In Porto we can offer you a 5 stay at a 3.5 star hotel next to university a mall User : that 's alright - i rather be near like a park , beach , garden .. something like that i 've just been cooped up in an for ages so outdoor attractions would be better Wizard : have no particular hotels in Porto close to outdoor attractions you like to try another destination ? User : ahh ok , well i was also thinking about denver Wizard : We only a 3.0 star hotel Denver that matches your needs ; however , it is not particularly close to any outdoor activities . User hm .. well how else does it my ? Wizard : well with your dates since it 's a 10 day trip from September 15 to 24 , and it is in your destination of choice . User : ah , maybe could go back to those places you before .. i would like to hear about ' Wizard : Sure , in Hiroshima can bring you to a star hotel with 7.15/10 guest ratings near a museum . User : what about Kyoto ? Wizard : Kyoto we also have a 3 star hotel near a museum . one 8.69/10 guest ratings . User : nice ! which is cheaper , hiroshima or kyoto ? Wizard : Hiroshima would be an 11 day trip for 4164.55 while Kyoto would be an 8 day trip for 3435.68 . User : gotcha . well I like the kyoto place more what is the hotel called ? : is none but the Sakura Inn User : ok. Paris you mentioned earlier ? Wizard : Our Paris trip includes a 13 day stay at a prestigious 4.0 star hotel with 8.49/10 rating for 2888.25 . User : wow , that 's better than the others so far ... is it near anything cool ? Wizard : I do not have any information on . User : ah that 's ok .. seems like the best deal . I 'll take it'\ Wizard : Sure I will book it for you ! You 're headed to Paris September 15-26 ! User : much appreciated - thanks ! User me outta St. Petersburg I need a vacation ! Wizard : I can certainly help you with that ! How many of you will there be and which city would you like to go to ? : Just me . Santo Domingo . Wizard : Do you have a budget in mind for this vacation ? User : 2900 Wizard : And is there a certain number days you would like to spend ? User : My vacation time is from September 24 to September 27 . Wizard : The shortest package we have to Santo Domingo is 10 days long . Are your dates flexible at all ? User : No are not Wizard : DO you have another destination in mind ? User : No I do n't . Thanks for your help anyway , Good . User : Phoenix to Monterrey Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : I don ’ t think so Wizard : Do you when you 'd like to go ? User : yeah between September 6th 9th . but the dates are flexible Wizard : And will you be traveling alone ? User : no . 6 adults Wizard : There are no flights showing from Phoenix to Monterrey . User : I have to be in Kabul on or after September 6 . Wizard : Okay ! Where will you be leaving from ? User : Los Angeles : How long would you like to go for ? User : long as my 3400 lasts but it has be the absolute nicest place in : 'm afraid no results have been our database . Would you like to go somewhere else ? : No it to be . will go somewhere else , Thanks . User : Hello . some business trips coming up Wizard : Hi ! How can I help you with this ? User : I ; m trying to get to Rome from Long Beach . Between the 20th September and the 5th of October No budget . Wizard : Traveling alone User : Yes . Wizard : We have an 11 day package from 26th to October 5th at a 4 star hotel User : Tell me more , please . Wizard : The hotel has 8.8/10 rating , is near shopping and a cathedral , offer free breakfast and wifi , 3170.53 for flights , and for economy flights . User I like it . I ’ ll book business class flights . Wizard : Great ! It is booked ! Have a great ! User : Hi . First time trying this out . What I do ? Wizard : Tell me where you 're coming and where you would like to go : slightly_smiling_face : User Okay . I am and I really to go to Osaka . Wizard : Will it be just you ? And are you travelling on a budget ? User : Just me . $ 1200 . heard Osaka is really nice . Can I leave on September please ? Wizard : have a 4 to Osaka leaving on September 20 's involves 3 star hotel and it costs for business class 474.62 for . Would you be interested in this at all ? User : is the exact return date and you tell me where the hotel is located ? : The return date is Friday September 23rd and 's a hotel with a 6.61 out 10 rating , located near a museum . Are you interested in booking this ? User : Yes sure ! I 'll it and since I can afford it will go business class ! Wizard : Perfect ! You should receive an email with all the details very User : Thank you ! Wizard : You most welcome ! User : hey yea so i need to get 5 adults and 1 child out of osaka september 24 to 27th or 28th Wizard : Do you know where you 'd like to go ? User : nope . just it 2700 dollars We have one availability to Kyoto from the 25th to 28th at a star hotel . User : sounds appropriate . what amenities ? Wizard : Free breakfast and wifi , it also located near a museum . User : and that ’ s the only thing within our budget if I increased the budget to 2900 ? Wizard : This is still the result User : ok fine ’ book that then i suppose Wizard : Done ! Have a great day ! User : thanks bunch ! User : I 'm getting on the 20th in San Jose and need to try to find a honeymoon to Toronto for 9 days ... all under Wizard : There no results within your budget . User : duuuude . ah what about Ciudad Juarez Wizard : Nothing for 2 people . User : i am travel from septeber 8 until 20. to berlin from santa cruz : Okay great ! Do have a budget in mind ? User : no budget just tell me is trip i can Wizard I can get you an amazing 13 day package at a star leaving and exactly on the dates that you want ! It would come to 3597 total for economy and 4679.70 for business . What do you think : slightly_smiling_face : User : 5 star is very great . is this a hotel on the Wizard I 'm afraid we do have any hotels on the beach , but there is a museum and a cathedral nearby ! Would you like to book this trip ? User : ok pls check la paz from santa cruz : For La Paz we have only a 10 trip at 4 star hotel . Economy would cost 2726.75 and business would cost 3491.67 . What do you think ? User : , hotel still nice . what is rating ? are there nice ? Wizard : The hotel has a guest rating of 8.98/10 , and is free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi ! Are you interested in booking this ? User : it good . want to check denver Wizard : We have a 3 star hotel a guest rating of 8.86/10 with free breakfast and free wifi costing at 3258.92 , it 's for 10 . do you think ? : not bad but not as of hotel . good guest rating i guess tho you remind me the guest rating from the first hotel in berlin .. Wizard It has a guest rating of 8.49/10 . Does anything sound appealing to you yet ? User : pretty - but lower than the 4 and 3 star ones ... weird can u for st. petersburg well Wizard : I 'm afraid we do n't have any from Santa Cruz to St. . User : well i like the package do u know what attractions are nearby : There is a park nearby . : i like it go with that one Wizard : Okay I 've just booked it for you . Enjoy your trip to Denver : slightly_smiling_face : : thank uy : Hello ! I need to go to Minneapolis please . Wizard : Where are you coming from ? : Tofino Wizard : I regret inform you that do n't offer any out Tofino . Is it possible to leave from city ? : No it 's not : Very sorry I not be able to help you then . User No worries User : hi Wizard : ! What can I do for you ? : i want to bring my kids to vitoria to their . so 4 kids and one adult ticket please : Where will you need to fly out from ? : toronto Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : no set but i would like a price Wizard : would you like to leave ? User : we are flexible Wizard : The only result we have is 6 day package September 24th to 28th at a 3 star hotel in the heart of the city . User : this is the only package at all from toronto to vitoria ? Wizard : Yes but free breakfast , wifi , and parking , and they have business and economy flights available . User how much will be for economy Wizard : 4485.14 . Would you like to it ? User : sure Wizard : wish my command . You get confirmation shortly have a great enjoy the ! User : : great thanks User : We have decided to go visit my sister in Sao Paulo . What do have of Santa Cruz ? Wizard Yes we do . How many you ? And do you want to go ? User : We are 8 in total . 6 adults and 2 children . We can whenever , let 's see what you have to offer . Wizard : Is there a budget you want to work with User : 17100 Wizard : Alrighty , we can put the family in a 3.0 star hotel in the heart of Sao Paulo near a cathedral and a for 11 days . How that sound ? User : Well that sounds kind of okay . What else you 've got ? Wizard : Your other option is a 2.0 star hotel close to a cathedral a theatre . We a 9 trip there . User : I prefer the first one . What the first package include ? Wizard : Breakfast and wifi is included User : much is ? Wizard : 12800.18 for the family or 16320.33 if you want to splurge for business class . User : I rather fly economy and keep the as spending ! Can you please make the reservation fo rme ? Wizard : Sure ! All is done . You are headed to Sao for 11 from 13-22 ! : Thank you , Wizard : You 're welcome , human ! User : Hello . I am travelling with a pretty big group soon - September 24th we 'll leave Wizard : How many people ? User : There 7 adults and kids Wizard : Where you like to go ? User : We do n't really know actually But we 're leaving . : Is there a budget ? User : Yes . $ 3500 . Wizard We have a day package to Ulsan at a 2.5 hotel and a 13 package to Kyoto at a 3 star hotel . User : You 're . That 's great .. tell me more about the Kyoto place . Wizard : Yes both are within the budget . The hotel is near a museum and they offer free breakfast and wifi . This package is from September 25th to October 7th . The business flights put the 3046.53 and the economy flights are 2274.16 . User : Ok . Sounds - I we 'll book . Wizard : you like business or economy ? User : Business since we can afford it ! : Great , 'll book it and you a email soon . Have a nice day ! User : I need to book a trip for my assistant and I. I am only free to go between Sept 6 and Sept 18 . Wizard : Sure , where would like to go where are you coming from ? User : can leave from depending on the cost . First I want to check what you have in . Wizard : How much are you thinking of spending ? User : : I have a 4.0 star hotel in the heart of Milan next to a museum and a cathedral With you budget you can stay up 10 days . User : So if assistant and I fly there economy class , how much is it ? Wizard : 1721.38 if you fly from Frankfurt , if you fly from Queenstown , 1986.13 if you fly from Mannheim , and 2122.52 if you fly from Valencia . User : Now let 's look at Manaus . Do you have anything from anywhere to Manaus Wizard In Manaus I have a star hotel to the park , museum , palace . We also have some 10 day packages that can work here . User : How much for the cheapest 10 day package at this hotel ? Wizard : cheapest is 3244.23 and the flight departs from Santa . User : Okay , let 's have a look at Phoenix . do you have there , preferably near a park Wizard : I only have one in Phoenix , but it 's near a park . It is close to a museum and university though . User : Okay - one more . For hotel in Manaus , one located near the park , do you have any 4 day packages ? Wizard : Not at that specific hotel . We only 4 day packages at accommodation It is a 2.5 star hotel close to the park and . User How much is that ? Wizard : 2835.80 with parking , breakfast and wifi included . User : OUF for 4 days I 'm better off with the 10 day package at the 3 star . What was the guest rating one ? Wizard : That hotel has a guest rating of . User : And 's the park , correct ? Is our breakfast in that package ? Can you give me the name the hotel please ? : Yes ! The Tranquil Sanctuary Hotel is near the park . Breakfast , wifi , and parking are included in the price . User : If the dates are right , I shall book ! Wizard : It is from September 8-17 . User : . Let 's go with Manaus then . The other dogs will have to wait . Wizard : Alright I will you the trip to Manaus from Santa Cruz . User : Thank , friend . User : Hey there ! ! Hope I in the right place for family : wink : I have 7 kids And a wife and 3 : Okay , and you 're all on a trip together ? Where would you like to go User : We all want to go to Santos Wizard : From ? User : Tofino Wizard : Is a budget ? User : 2100 dollars ok Wizard : There nothing within your for this many people . User : ummmmm . 3100 Wizard : Still nothing . User : yes . i am going 2 bring my grand daughter with me ...... Wizard : So 1 adult and 2 kids then ? User : she want 2 go 2 tijuana . she is one Wizard : 1 adult , 1 kid ! To Tijuana from where ? User : from san juan Wizard : Are you on a budget ? User : basically not ha ha . i am a jackpot winner i have 4500 dollars : Do you have preferences for or the amount of time you want to spend in Tijuana User : yes we can only go after sept12 .... back by october 3 ... Wizard : We have a 12 day package deal for you at 2465.42 economy flights and 3096.16 for business . Would you like to book this User : what is the hotel like .... Wizard : All I can tell you is that it 's near a park , which I 'm sure you would enjoy . The hotel also has free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi . 2.5 stars and the guest rating is 6.77/10 Are you interested ? User : i want 2 stay nicer place . is there nice in Chicago Wizard : All the hotels Chicago that we have are only 2.5 . There is a 3 star hotel in Tijuana if you 're interested , but that is the most we have for a hotel in Tijuana User : ok Tijuana 3 star has free breakfast ? Wizard : Yes , it includes breakfast , parking , and . We have a package at Resort Jade Covert for 10 days , costing at 2514.69 total for economy , and 3145.43 business class . Would you be interested in purchasing package ? User : that is great ..... yes i will book please ... business class because i have the money LOL Wizard : Excellent . Enjoy trip in Tijuana ! ok User Hi ! Can u help me find a ? ? Wizard : ! Where would you to go ? User : San Juan Wizard Where do you need to leave from ? User : Cairo , Illinois Wizard : How many people are going to be travelling ? User : Just one - just me Wizard : Okay do you have budget ? User : Nahhh Wizard When can you leave ? User : on or after the 12th of September Wizard : Do need to be back by a certain ? User : Yeah , before the 24th of September please : Unfortunately there are no showing . : Well what if I leave 8th Wizard Still nothing . There are no flights from Cairo to San Juan . User : hey I need to get home asap ! ! ! PLEASE me to Wizard : I can help that ! Where will you be coming from ? User : I Indianapolis , was backpacking around Indiana . I leave like , two days ago ? Its super important that I get home ! ! ! : I 'm only package we have available from to Sapporo is a 10 day package that Sunday September 18 . Shall that for ? User : could you get me sooner from Fukuoka ? ? I found a flight going to from here in an hour Wizard : I 'm sorry . We still have nothing that leaves sooner than September . What would you like me to do for you ? : damn it .. Birmingham ? from Indianapolis ? i have family in Birmingham I can stay with Wizard : We have one package only , a flight that goes from Indianapolis to Birmingham on Tuesday September 13th . Will do for you ? User : that fine if its the soonest I can get Wizard : I 'm afraid it . Shall I it for you ? User : unless you can get me to Birmingham from Fukuoka even sooner ? Wizard : There is a flight from to Birmingham that also on the , but 5 hours earlier . I book the one from Fukuoka then ? : ah no , may as well stay in the country Indianapolis to Birmingham please . thank you Wizard : Ok then ! been booked ! And you are welcome ! User : hey ... i need to get out of Jerusalem ok like now like now as in yesterday 3200 max - can get me to valencia ? Wizard : Can from a different city We do n't offer flights to or from Jerusalem yet , we are hoping expand our . User can leave from Salvador Wizard There is nothing available your budget User : can you get me to Beijing then ? from Salvador Wizard : There nothing showing for this either User : guess I ’ m hitch hiking User : Beijing to Hiroshima please Wizard : Do you have a ? User : 2300 Wizard : When do you need go ? User : It does not matter Wizard : you need to be back by a certain date ? User nope Wizard : Are you travelling alone ? User : I am not Wizard : How many ? User : . 14 adults 6 kids 1 dog Wizard : There nothing from Beijing to Hiroshima within your budget and for this many people . User : Okay thanks I will try somewhere else User : ay i need to get my parents out of SL this month ok ? ? can u book them somewhere from St. til the 28th for 4300 bucks and get em out of here if u can Wizard : have a trip to Toronto leaving today and on the 23rd and another trip Santo Domingo or San Francisco leaving tomorrow and returning on the 28th . Which one would you prefer ? User : whoa that amazing . which is cheaper Wizard : San Francisco is cheapest at 945.18 , followed by Domingo at 3015.99 . Toronto costs 3179.24 . User san francisco is cheaper wow , . how many are the hotels Wizard : It 's 2 star hotel with 6.37/10 guest ratings . User i am gon na need something nicer to sell my folks on it tho . what is the santo domingo hotel like ? : 's a 3 star beachside hotel with 7.06/10 ratings and conveniently located next to shopping . User that sounds better for sure ! is the toronto hotel nicer ? Wizard It is ! It a star next to the airport and the cathedral . It has average 8.8/10 guest rating . User : well that 's gon na to be winner in that . go for it Wizard : Alright booked . Your folks are headed to Toronto for 16 days ! flight leaves this afternoon . Better let know soon ! User : dude User : Hello . have 12 vacation days saved up and I ’ m looking to explore my options departing from Mexico City . doesn ’ t matter , but I can ’ t leave until Monday , the 12th of September . What ’ s ? Wizard : I found a beautiful 12 trip for Germany on Monday September . It 's a 4.5 star hotel costing a total of 2893.33 for economy class and 3717.75 for business class . Are you interested in this trip ? User Sounds lovely ! Just want to hear what else available first . Wizard : There 's also an 11 day trip in Maceio , Brazil at a 3.5 star hotel that 's situated near a park and with some great around the corner ! This costs 2312.44 for economy class and for business . What do you think ? : bad ! Frankfurt sounds a bit better though . What else ? Wizard : There is an 11 day package in Hiroshima Japan , at a 3 star hotel with a museum nearby . Economy flights cost 3442 while business class would be 4481.63 . What do you think ? User : So the ratings just keep going down hey ? What is the guest rating there . Wizard : I 'm afraid so ! Resort in Hiroshima a of 7.15/10 . Shall I book the Frankfurt trip for you ? User : Yeah , lets go . Wizard : Alright perfect ! It all booked now . Have a brilliant time ! User : I have 2500 to spend Wizard : Hello ! User Hello old friend Wizard : Where would you like go ? User : I have . Tel Aviv to Rio de Janeiro Wizard : We do accommodate flights to or Tel , sorry ! User : Welllll is just fine I try another agency Wizard : , sorry I could not have been more helpful ! User : My wedding will place Cordoba on Saturday and we decided to take a honeymoon after all , even though will pretty broke the wedding but it 's okay , you only get married once , right ? Wizard : Where you like to go and what is your budget ? User : Manaus supposed to be sooooooooo romantic . What can get for $ 3400 ? Anything on the beach with a spa ? Wizard : Well unfortunately there availabilities for 2 people . User : white_frowning_face : What am I supposed to leave my husband behind ? What about Montreal ? ? Wizard : You 're in the boat here too . User : Kingston for 2 , Tofino : Unfortunately we currently do not flights of Tofino . Would you be able to leave from another departure point ? User : well fix that I 'll leave Guadalajara Wizard : When do you want to in Kingston ? User : whenever should be back here by the 23rd Wizard Alright , I would like to recommend you our best package in Kingston . It is a day stay at a 4 star near the museum . It flaunts a guest rating 8.22/10 and offers free , free breakfast and free wifi . User : nope . not staying a 4 star absolutely not find a 5 star in Dublin Wizard : No luck finding a 5 star in Dublin . Another city you 'd like to try ? User I have business in Belem… business that requires me to be in close proximity to 5-star hotel type clients . I ’ m leaving from Vitoria , budget Wizard : I see . Do you departure and return in mind ? And how long would you like to go for ? User : I just need to be after the 21st . I can stay as as my budget allows Wizard : Not a problem ! Our most highly rated hotel is a star for 6 , and class would cost you 3046.43 , fitting you right the budget Does this interest you User : That might be good — diva worthy . is there a spa site ? Wizard : I 'm afraid we do n't any hotels that offer spas but there is a ! User : That be fine… . I think I ’ ll find I ’ m looking for Wizard : Excellent . I 'll book it away then ! User : Downgrade to economy class though please ’ t need to fly business : I will switch to economy User : I can use money on a wide angle lens . thanks Wizard : You welcome . Expect an email all the details next hour . User : Hey , I live beautiful Toronto but I kinda need a break from my friends , can you find me a getaway ? : ! Do you have a budget ? User : None , I 'm rich ! Wizard : When like to go ? User : I got boss to give me between Sept and October 3rd off , can you it ? Wizard : Sure ! have trips to Columbus , New York , Indianapolis , and St. . User : Been to SL - HATE it . New York - MEH . Whatcha got in Columbus . Remember - I `` m RICH ! Actually I 'm messing with you . I have $ 5600 's rich for ME . Wizard : You can definitely afford our best in Columbo ! We have a 19 day from September 14th to October 2nd at a 3.5 star hotel . The hotel is near shopping , mall , museum , and in the heart the city . offer free breakfast and wifi a rating 8.22/10 . The package is 1692.68 . User : Do you have a shorter stay at a rated hotel Can you check what is available between Sept 12 and Sept 25th instead Wizard : No but we have a 14 stay from the 12th to 25th at the same hotel . User : I want a higher rated hotel Wizard : are no higher rated hotels User : Let check Indianapolis then Wizard : The highest here is stars User : SL Wizard : The best one is 3.5 User : New York ? Wizard : 2.5 User : WOW I got $ 5600 to spend and you have nowhere for me all out and spend it Wizard do , just nothing above 3.5 star hotels . User : Well I 'll book the package and spend rest of my money partying ! Better be a star . Wizard : I 'm sure it ! Your package is booked . nice day ! : Pokemon ! ! ! ! ! ! need to get to Curitiba From Punta SNAP Get me a seat next Mewtwo on the plane : wink : Wizard : Will try .. when would you like to ? User Right after the lure party this weekend ! ! ! ! ! So MONDAY upcoming Wizard : Do you need to be back by a day ? User : Ha ! NO - this is my only focus , to catch mewtwo Wizard : Okay , do have a in mind ? User : 5100 dollars ! Wizard : And you 'll going alone ? User : there 3 of us ! Wizard Alright I have a 10 day trip to a 3 star the heart of the city a 9 day to a 3 star beachside hotel . User : HEART OF THE ! I need that one . is included ? Wizard Everything from parking to wifi to breakfast is included in the total of 3853.33 . User : For all 3 of us ? Wizard : That 's right ! User : WOW . you get us a deal like that to Atlanta too ? : I can get you an even better deal ! 15 days a 3.5 star for just 3456.42 ! User : 15 days is a long - we could hunt for ages ! Do you have another one near downtown ? ? ? Wizard : No I 'm we do not have any hotels in the heart of Atlanta . User ok well let 's go with the other one that IS in the heart of the city Curitiba I Wizard : Alright I will book trip from September 21-30 for you . User : GREAT ! ! ! ! ! ! Wizard : You 're welcome ! Good luck : slightly_smiling_face : User : hi there . i really wan na pretend im somewhere else i have any time off and only 2900 dollars though Wizard : Why Do you have a destination in mind ? User : yeah . im in punta cana .. and thinking about Wizard I an 18 day and a 13 package . Which one would you prefer ? User : either one - if i afford both are they at different hotels ? Wizard : Yes they are two different hotels and they are both within your budget . They both 3 stars , but the 13 day package has a considerably higher guest Which one would you like hear ? User : tell me about the day please Wizard : Breakfast wifi are included with the package . Economy class costs 1589.30 Business class 1960.36 . Would you like book this trip ? User is it downtown ? Wizard : Yes it is ! And near a park : slightly_smiling_face : User oh wow… . awesome . u packages to Sydney for me ? Wizard : I afraid we have nothing for Sydney . I book the trip ? User : aw , drat ... no i cant book anything i would like hear if u have in madrid Wizard : We have 20 day stay at a 5 Madrid . Are you interested ? User : - of course i am ! tell me more Wizard : The hotel has a guest rating of 9.16/10 and includes breakfast and wifi . For economy , the package would come to a total cost of 1809.49 for business class it 's 2292.77 . Would you like to book this ? User : that ’ s so cheap ! Wizard : Yes indeed . A perfect vacation . Shall I go ahead and book this User : i told i cant book . for letting me know whats out there tho User : I need maybe go to to Ciudad Juarez Wizard : from ? User : Anywhere it 's cheap Wizard : What is your budget ? User : 1600 dolaritos Wizard : Are you looking for a long trip or shorter trip ? User : 4 days Wizard : We have a 4 day package from 8th to 11th of September at a 3.5 star hotel . Does this you ? : How much $ $ $ and is it near a park ? Wizard : 1564.89 and it is near a palace . User : k I need park Wizard : There are no hotels hear near any parks . User : How about San Diego then ? Wizard : are no results . Anything in La Paz ? Wizard : near a . User : Do you think they will let me the palace grounds in Ciudad Juarez ? User : HI I WANT TO GET OUT OF CIUDAD JUAREZ FROM YESTERDAY TO TWO WEEKS FROM SUNDAY COMING OK Wizard : Where like to go ? User : I DUNNO UP TO YOU LOL Wizard : have a 19 day package at a 3 star hotel that suits your exact dates going to Punta Cana . I can book this straight away for you . User : HOW MUCH MONEY . WHAT ELSE IS THERE THOUGH Wizard : you have budget ? For economy this costs for business class it 1967.7 . User : NO BUDGET JUST VACATION . WHERE ELSE CAN I GO TO Wizard : There is a 4 star hotel for 18 days in Porto Alegre with a rating 10 out of 10 ! ! ! ! There is a beach , a , and a shopping mall that can make the most of your vacation ! And this will only cost you 3385.48 for economy class . Great deal , is n't it User : OH WOW IT IS PERFECT ! ! ! ! YEAH I NOT KEEP GOING I HAVE THIS PLEASE Wizard : Perfect ! It 's now booked ! You get email confirming this in just a matter of minutes ! Have a fantastic holiday slightly_smiling_face : User : U DA BEST GREAT THANKS Wizard : You 're more than welcome ! User : I am looking to bring my 6 kids and I to and leave Minneapolis . can travel whenever and have no budgetary constraints . Wizard : Unfortunately we do n't have any available trips to as of right now . Is there city you can go to User : Ahh ... Let 's check Santos then Wizard Okay , our best deal in Santos is a 7 day trip at a 3.5 star hotel near a museum and a palace . User : Reasonable . Any free wifi for the kids ? : Yup , plus free breakfast ! User ok ! ! Go for it Wizard : Okay ! It will be from Sept 22-27 Do you want to go for business flights for 14513.87 economy flights for 11317.39 ? User : please ! Wizard Done ! Confirmation will be coming via email . Hope you have a good trip : slightly_smiling_face : User Need to go to Vancouver : From ? User : La Paz Budget ? User wtv Wizard : I do not comprehend . User : DO N'T MATTER : Ok . When would you like to leave ? User : 09/20 to 09/30 Wizard : alone ? User : yes Wizard : We have a star hotel available for 10 days or 4 days . you ? User As long as it fits my dates 10 is good Wizard : It is from the 21st to 30th . The hotel is near a park and museum , they have a 10/10 guest rating , and they offer free parking , breakfast , wifi . Do you prefer to know the business or economy flights price ? User : That suits . Business . Wizard : business User Perfect . Book . Thanks . Wizard : Done . Have a great day ! User : emergency flight Kobe please get out september 16th and fortaleza Wizard : Certainly . Where would you like go ? User : Wizard : The earliest flight we have that departs from Kobe to Fortaleza is on September 20th , is that okay ? User : what about out of Salvador Wizard : From to Fortaleza ? User : yes Wizard : I 'm afraid it 's also the 20th . What would you to about that ? User : in that case just get from Kobe to Sendai Wizard : I 'm , the earliest for that one is also the 20th . other options I can explore ? User : nope I guess need a different ( better ) agent User : Need to book a luxury for myself and 7 . from after September 14th What 've you got in Naples ? : Our best in Naples a 8 days vacation package at a 4.0 star hotel with 8.86/10 guest ratings . User : Noted . What about in Guadalajara ? Wizard : Unfortunately we 've got to Guadalajara from Vancouver . User : Ah , ok .. Nagoya then Wizard : Nothing for Nagoya either . User : I guesss we 're going Naples .. Can you tell me more about that first ? Wizard : Sure , the offers free breakfast and free . You will stay there from Sept 16-22 . User : Good - be . Book 8 for business class please . Wizard : Okay I will confirm the trip for you ! The total comes to 24044.47 Anything else I can do for you today ? User : Nope - thanks User I am young and rich and oh so cool and I want give myself the best birthday bash ever just like the Kardashians but . I need YOU to find me the BEST EVEEEER to go party with my crew of super cool girls . Wizard Okay Where do you to go and where will you be leaving from ? User : We are from Monterrey . St. Petersburg is back in now and paparazzi is sure to follow us there . want to be SEEN . Wizard : I going to assume you do n't have a budget . How many people will be traveling ? User : 7+ moi Wizard So 8 altogether ? User : Yes 8 super cool girls make we are in class okaaaay Wizard : Do you have a preference on hotel ratings ? User : Of course I just told you I 'm rich and cool and the paparazzi will be there and I want to be better than the and PLACE so yes the best so a with a spa and and room service Wizard : There is nothing in St. Petersburg with 5 stars . User : Okay San Diego , we 'll go to San Diego that 's hot right now too Wizard : There are n't any 5 star hotels here . User : me something in Cordoba or I 'll get my daddy involved : thinking_face : Wizard We have 5 star hotels here but none with a spa . : Welll that 's a bit better we will find our own spa i 'm sure there are plenty in tell me about the hotel it near a palace at ? Wizard : It has a 8.98/10 guest rating , is near a museum , and offers free breakfast and wifi . User : What 's the longest we stay there we need to stay as long as possible to be SEEN Wizard : 11 days from the to 26th of September . User : We need to all way business how much is this going to cost my daddy ? Wizard : 38736.52 . User : Drop in the ! Make sure they have the best cake ever for me okay ? Send bill my daddy bye . User My lover and I just got married - TODAY we wan na fly off to Brazil a week or so . you get us to Aires from Toronto for under 5000 ? Wizard : I afraid we have nothing within your budget 5000 . Is your budget by any chance ? User : , not all . We d settle for Chicago . Anything there Wizard : Yes there ! We have 6 , 9 , and 10 packages . you have any preferences in terms of number of days or anything else ? User : they all under $ 4800 ? Wizard : Yes : Great ! Tell me about the 6 and 9 day packages . Wizard : All the hotels are 2.5 stars . The 9 day package has a closer to the city whereas there two 6 packages with one hotel closer to the city and the other hotel closer to airport . What sounds good to you ? User : 9 days in the city would nice . Amenities ? Also , please tell me the guest rating is 3.5higher than 2.10 ... Wizard : Good choice ! The guest rating for this hotel is 8.69/10 and it includes parking , breakfast ! Would you like book this trip User : ’ s a relief … yeah lets do it please ! When do we leave ? Wizard : Tuesday September . Economy or business User What are respective prices ? Wizard : 1566.64 for economy and 1894.10 for business . one would you like ? User : Wow - business absolutely ! Wizard it booked ! Enjoy your ! User : Thank you User to bring clients out to impress them for a few days . 7 adults in total , and we 're looking to leave Queenstown any time after September 20th . What 've you got that sounds swanky . Wizard : Our very best in Rome is a 4 hotel near the cathedral and shopping . We can you stays to 9 days . User : Amenities ? : wifi and breakfast is included User : Moving on - can tell me your best hotel in Detroit ? Wizard : In Detroit our only availability a 2.5 star hotel . User : Ah , that wo n't do at all . Anything nicer in Kingston ? Wizard : In Kingston the best right now is a 3 star hotel 8.49/10 ratings . User : Meh . Ok , Rome is . Book business please Wizard Alright business packages are booked for all of you ! You will be there from September to 4th . : I am in the middle of closing multi million deal and I need you to send me and my 2 clients to the ritziest in Kobe , no be spared . Wizard : Where will you leave from ? User : San Wizard : would you like to leave and/or return ? User : After September 14 . When we is not important . Wizard : Our best is an 8 day stay from 23rd to 29th a 4.5 star hotel User : What 's guest rating that one ? Wizard : 8.69/10 and this is the only hotel available . User : Is the 23rd soonest departure ? Wizard : is a 6 day package from the 20th to 24th as well . : What 's your best hotel in Leon Give me the rating and the guest rating please . Wizard : We have an day package from September 24th to October 3rd at a 5 star a guest rating of 9.16/10 . : I like the that ! Before I get more information on that hotel , Can you check for the best Long Beach for me - and guest rating Wizard : best is a star hotel with 8.49/10 guest rating . User : That one is , back to Leon then . For the 5 star hotle , do you have any packages that start earlier than the 24th ? I want to leave as close as possible after the 14th . Also can you provide me with the name the hotel , it is close to and the on business class 3 adults/ Wizard : We have day package from the 20th to 27th 5 star hotel , and 8.69/10 guest rating . Which package you more information on ? User : I will take whichever package is near shopping Wizard : None of the hotels are shopping , they are only close to a market . User : Okay I leave on the 20th What 's the name of that hotel the cost ? Wizard El Hotel Del Mar and the cost is 9776.00 . User : Business ? Wizard : Yes ! User : Let 's reserve that one then . Thank you , my friend , you have been helpful Wizard : you booking with us ! package is booked , have a great day ! User : buenos aires pls i from mannheim Wizard : Will it just be you ? User : yes Wizard : Do you have a budget in mind ? And how long are you planning on going for User : september 24 and september 27 ok Wizard : I 'm afraid I do n't have anything for short of a time . Are your flexible ? User : : PLEASE GET ME ALL THE WAY TO CHICAGO Wizard : Okay , where will you be coming from ? User : can you get me to from Rosario like… soon ? dont care the price , or when - they can deal LOL : I can book for you a business class deal for 14 days from Tuesday 13th to September 25th . Would you like to this trip now User what is the hotel like tho ? room service free breakfast Free breakfast , free parking , and free wifi . it has a guest rating of 8.69/10 Sounds a great deal , n't it ? User : is it near a mall tho… like with a food court ... : is a museum and a university Ready to proceed with booking now ? User lets do it Wizard : Your booking is now complete . : thanks boo mwah User : good i have 3 days off wan na San Antonio . i only have 400 bucks so ill prob have to take a bus but u can find me a flight 'd be as hell . i 'll go wherever , whenever Wizard : Are you going all by yourself ? User : yupp Wizard : Ironically , for your , we only have 10 day We 've got ones Denver and Calgary . Will work for you ? : calgary is like , in another so i would be for that .. the hotel like : It 's a 4 star hotel next to a university . Guests enjoy free parking and free wifi . You can even afford business flights to there . User : how does denver hold to that ? Wizard : Denver 's got a 3 hotel with wifi near a museum and a university . User : calgary please Wizard : Awesome , would you like to take economy flights for 197.25 or business flights for 263.94 : dude ballin User : Is it possible to get from Alexandria to Fukuoka for 3200 Wizard : you be travelling your own User No - there will be two adults and child in Wizard : I 'm afraid it 's possible with that budget of yours . : Surely you can get us to Indianapolis . Wizard : I sure can ! What about a 14 day package at Hotel Vanilla for just 1914.82 for the whole family ? User : Great price for a two week stay ! What ’ the hotel like though ? Wizard : is parking , free breakfast and free wifi ! It 's also by a park , beach , , and university so there are plenty of activities for your family to get involved ! User : Lovely - beachside is for the young one . May ask what the rating ? : The guest rating is 7.15 out of 10 Want to purchase this trip ? User What is the official rating though & gt ; Wizard : 3 stars . It 's the best we have . User : That ’ s fine I am but a mere writer after all . And the length certainly trumps the quality of residence . Please book it . Wizard : Perfect ! I'ts been booked Enjoy your stay : slightly_smiling_face : User Thank you kindly . User : I need to get to Madrid - Wizard : From ? User : And I need to stay in the heart of the city , near restaurants . Salvador . Wizard : I 've got a 5 star hotel . It 's not in the of the exactly but 's to the museum , cathedral , and palace , so I 'd say it 's pretty nicely located . User : Ah , ok - , notable Cathedrals in the suburbs . Should be sufficient ... And you able to 8 adults and one child there for dollars ? Wizard : Sorry no , 'd have to your budget . User : In that case my lawyers will have to book on there - one and one adult . Wizard do that for under 2900 either ... User : How much would it be then ? Wizard : 3651.61 for one adult + one child . User : Ok , that 's fine I will go ahead with booking Wizard : Alright ! It will be a 14 day from the 9th to the 21st . User : boy I got these 3 clients and these guys got ta have the best of best , do ask me why ! So what do you have Dublin that will impress the fellas ? Wizard When is the earliest you would like to leave Soon after 10th Wizard : The only hotels here are 2 stars . : So Stuttgart to Dublin if the hotels suck check Valencia Wizard Our best package for what you are looking for in Valencia is a 6 day stay from September 11th to at a 5 star hotel with a guest rating of 8.98/10 . User Betsy ! you 've done it again ! you 've found me a place . Tell me more . Wizard : The hotel is near a market museum , they offer free wifi , business class flights , and the cost is 5208.42 . User : Just to make sure , what do you have Sao Paulo ? Wizard : Only 3 star hotels . User : Let 's book Valencia . Pleasure doing business with you . Wizard : Always a to help ! Have a great day and enjoy the trip ! Good luck the deal you need it : wink : User : from 22nd-28nd of september just wan na flee town and forget about work , family , my mortgage responsibilities , my , etc .. i am Ciudad Juarez from Dalle Wizard : So just for one adult then ? will you be from ? User : yeah from Wizard : I have an excellent for you days from the 22nd to the 26th of September in Juarez . 's book it ! User : give the details Wizard : It 's at a beautiful 3.5 star hotel with free breakfast , free and free wifi Does n't get any better than that ! : on the beach ? Wizard : No but there is a palace . Sounds amazing , does n't it ? User : whatcha got in punta cana ? Wizard : Nothing . User : check City Wizard : A 4 day package with a 3 star hotel where you find a beach and a shopping mall nearby ! Sounds like a winner ! User : free breaky ? Wizard : No there is free and free wifi . Amazing , right User : ill go Ciudad Juarez I 'll the 5 day package at the 3.5 star hotel for you then ! User : san to puebla under will go am travelling alone ok Wizard : My apologies , we do not trips between those two cities . you leave from or go to another city ? User : ay bruh i 3300 and some naggy ass parental figures i need out of my hair . where can u get 2 adults from maceio between like ... september 11th and 24th within my budgeT ? Wizard : can have 13 days in Santos or 12 days in Paulo , , Buenos Aires , or Rosario . User : tell me santos hotel Wizard : It a 3 star hotel with 8.37/10 previous guest ratings and it 's next to shopping . Free breakfast and wifi is available during stay User : not bad not bad . i would bank on that my sell point . for those other 12 packages - are any of them and swanky ? Wizard : Nothing cheaper and also better the Santos option . User : so Santos is the cheapest ? cheapest with 3 star rating least Wizard : 12 days in Buenos Aires is slightly at 1484.67 . But the hotel only has a guest rating of 6.61/10 . User : but in Santos they be gone from 11-24 right ? Wizard : It 's actually from 12th to the 24th . User : oh good enough . howmuch is that Wizard : 1528.79 User : book it please Wizard Alright , I 've booked for you ! Your confirmation will arrive via email . Anything else for today ? User : Yes I need to go help 3 pit bulls before it 's too late but I have to go where it 's cheapest first . Everyone thinks I rich I do this mainly out of . Can you get me something in Mexico City for $ 2400 Wizard : I try are you leaving from User : I can leave from anywhere is necessary Wizard : When would you like to leave ? User : After Sept 7 but I need to be back by Sept . Please make sure you give me a hotel located a park Wizard : Are you travelling by yourself ? User : no my assistant assist me Wizard : There no parks near the hotels but there is a beach ! User Beach could if we early in the morning . What do you have in price range ? Wizard : Our most expensive is 2325.23 and our cheapest is 1849.40 . User What 's your cheapest in Juan close to a or ? Wizard : 1497.89 is our cheapest package but none of the packages are close to a beach or park unfortunately . User : What do you have in Athens ? Wizard : do not have in athens . User : I guess Mexico it is ! Let 's with the cheapest stay , these are all volunteer work . Wizard : Great ! Would you like to hear more about hotel before booking ? : Yes please if can tell me the name and some of the details concerning my stay Wizard : Hotel Tropic is a 3 star hotel near the beach and hot spots , they have a 6.77/10 guest rating , and they offer free breakfast and wifi . This package includes flights and is from September 8th to 20th and as you know , the cost is 1849.40 . User : It sounds just fine to me , go ahead and do the booking Wizard : All done ! Easy as that ! You will receive an confirmation soon as well . Have a great and your stay at Hotel Tropic ! User : Thank you for your help User : i want you to recommend me a package in that leaves from las vegas . i a travel window between 20 and 26 september Wizard : Not a problem ! I an excellent package for from the 20th the 26th of September at a 4 star hotel that includes free breakfast and free wifi you be interested ? User : can you tell me the price and nearby attractions ? Wizard : It costs 2371.55 for and 3024.29 for business class . is some great shopping the area and nearby . Are interested ? User : I need to get to Miami sometimes in the near future Wizard : Where from ? User : Kyoto : Sorry , we currently do n't have trips to Miami available you settle for somewhere else User : ok , I could do Tokyo . but if 's the case I wan na keep it under cause I could otherwise Wizard : Unfortunately also do have any trips between these two cities right now . User : Do you fly to Sacramento ? Wizard : We do that ! make up for all the disappointments , I 'd like to offer you a 5 hotel in Sacramento with 10/10 ratings . User : That 's more like it Wizard : your budget still 3400 ? User : Can a colleague I get there for 4200 & gt ; Wizard : Unfortunately that budget wo n't work for the both of you . User : Guess what ? I 'm a recently married looking for a honeymoon package from osaka to manaus ! Wizard Manaus sounds like an excellent choice ! Do have a budget mind ? User : yeah we have dollars over after the wedding Wizard : I 'm afraid we not have any packages to offer you at price . Is there any chance you stretch your budget User : its all we have can it get us to burlington instead ? Wizard : Not at price , I 'm afraid Sorry User : san jose to guadalajara Wizard : would you like go ? : between septemeber 6 to 21 Wizard : How many total will be traveling ? And do you a budget ? User : one no Wizard : Alrighty then , our very best in is a 3.0 star hotel with guest ratings and located near park and an airport can offer you a day stay with business flights . User : san jose to cordoba Wizard : In Cordoba I can get you a 5.0 star hotel with 8.98/10 ratings next to a We have a 11 day trip available . User : san jose kyoto : In Kyoto it will be a 3.0 star hotel also next to a museum . Average guest rating is 8.22/10 and the longest trip is 9 days . : san jose to calgary : In Calgary we have a 14 day trip to a 4 star hotel to a university . User : how much for the cordoba one Wizard : 2990.99 in business class and 2330.97 economy class . User what is guest rating : 0/10 User : ok cordoba ... sounds better .. Wizard agree . Would you like me to confirm the business or economy package for you ? User : business pls Wizard : Done ! Anything else I can do for you today ? User I need to book 4 kids and one adult to Rio de Janeiro , departing from Queenstown . Wizard : Do you have a ? User : Nah Wizard Dates in for the trip ? User : Whenever Wizard : We have a 2.5 star hotel and a 3 star hotel . Would you prefer to hear about both one ? 3 star - know Wizard you prefer business or economy flights ? User : Economy Wizard : Okay , La Perfección has a 14 stay from September 10th 22nd the hotel near a park , museum , and university , the guest rating of the hotel is 8.22/10 , and they offer the works , free parking , breakfast , and wifi . The total cost of package is 11505.79 User : s just book Wizard : Awesome ! All booked and ready for you . Have a day and safe ! User Thank : I want to fly Jerusalem to Rio de Janeiro : I 'm afraid we do n't have any flights from Jerusalem available . Would you like to leave from another city User : No Wizard : I 'm sorry I can not be more service to you . User : Goodbye Wizard : Thanks for stopping by to San Wizard : How many of you will be going and for how long ? User : 1 and how long your stays are Wizard : you have a budget mind ? : $ 3,700 Wizard : Do you have a preference for a hotel ? Our best one is stars as part of a 9 day package . How does that sound ? : Anything better ? In Atlanta ? Wizard : The best we have is a 3.5 star hotel 10 days with 8.8/10 guest rating Are you ? User : What would would the price on this one be for adults ? : I 'm afraid I do n't have this hotel for 10 days for 3 adults , but I have it for 4 days . Would you be interested in that ? I also day package for 3 adults a star hotel but with no guest rating . What do you think ? User : How much for 4 days business ? For 3 adults Wizard : 3396.53 . Would you like to book ? User : Can you check what you have in Stuttgart for 1 under $ 3700 ? Wizard I certainly can ! There 's a 3 star hotel for 7 days , costing 2085.43 economy and 2652.29 for business . Does this interest you ? User : I I will take one in San Diego but would like info before I finalize things . Wizard : Great ! San Diego package offers breakfast , parking free at 3 star hotel with a guest rating of 8.86/10 and a park , all of it coming to a grand total of 2135.65 for economy class and 2541.90 business , and this is for all of 3 of you . Does this please you ? User : San Diego would just be for me actually . I will meet the investors there Wizard : Ready to with booking ? User : How much for just me ? Wizard : 711.88 for economy and 847.30 for class . User : Okay let 's go with business then : For just one person User : yes Wizard : It been booked ! Enjoy your trip to San Diego . User : Thank User : yes im for mewtwo in Marseille ook ? leaving from Fortaleza with 2200 sept Wizard : Will you be going alone ? User : yupp uh huh Wizard are no results . User : go to atlanta Wizard : Do you prefer 3 stars or 3.5 stars ? User : throw extra .5 in Wizard : This is a 13 day stay from September 11th to 23rd . The hotel is located a beach , has a guest rating of 8.8/10 and offers free parking and wifi . The cost is 1936.37 . User : is nearby the 3 star hotel ? Wizard : from what gives me User : 3.5 it is then . lets book it Wizard : ! It 's booked . Is there anything else I can do for you ? User : GOING PORTLAND TO MANAUS . 4 KIDS TOO Wizard : Just one adult ? User : YUP Wizard : When are you going ? User : I DONT YOU ME Wizard : Do have a budget ? User NOPE NOT AT ALL Wizard : The best I 've got for your consists of an 11 trip with stays at a 3.5 star hotel near the park and market . How does that sound ? User : WHAT AMENITIES ? Wizard : Free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi . User : ANY : We have a 3 star hotel near the , museum and . 8.49/10 guest ratings the same amenities as the previous . User : THE DIFFERENCE Wizard : 15 days 3 star is . 11 days at the 3.5 is 7141.62 . : BOOK THE 15 DAY PLEASE Wizard : Great . Would you like upgrade to business class for 12167.12 ? User : NO THANK U Wizard : Alright economy is ! Your trip is booked for you . Anything else you need today ? User : NO THANKS User : rome to and i will go from september eight until twenty five and i have 4900 dollars in budget Wizard : Traveling with anyone else or just you User : me alone Wizard Do you prefer a 2.5 or a 3.5 star hotel User : higher star Wizard : I 'm you want the highest guest rating as well ? : if they are both the same Wizard : One is 8.69/10 and the other is 7.15/10 User : ok tell me about the 8.69 Wizard : Business or economy ? User : i just want to know about the hotel Wizard : Near a and airport , free parking , breakfast , and . User : ah , ok , and price for economy ? Wizard : Price for business is 4204.51 and economy is 3266.46 . User : well economy that case . i would like to Wizard : Great ! All done , enjoy the trip thank you for booking ! We love to satisfy 's travel as as can ! User : Thank User : My best friend want to go all out for my birthday this year so you must find me the hippest place in Hiroshima okay ? Wizard : Sure thing ! Where will you girls be coming from ? User : Indianapolis Wizard : How long would you like to go ? do you have budget in mind ? User : just find us the bestest place all the celebrities and rich people Wizard : The very best that we is the 4.5 star Hotel Oishi a 13 day stay costing at 8942.68 for business class . User : Is there a spa ? Wizard Not that I know I 'm afraid . There is a famous museum nearby though . User Do you have a 5 star in ? Wizard : I 'm afraid not . The best we have in Kochi is a 3.5 . Sorry . User : Toronto ? I heard Toronto is BEST ! Wizard : Toronto is an excellent choice but we can only offer you star hotels in Toronto at this moment . User : NOT GOOD ENOUGH : Would like me to book you the 4.5 star hotel Hiroshima for you ladies ? : What does the Hotel Oishi offer in amenities ? Wizard Unlimited wifi ! User : yippeeee how about food ? Wizard Sorry . is no complimentary with this package . User : I guess that is all you have in Hiroshima what choice do we have . Does it least an awesome guest rating ? Wizard : Yes , 8.86 out of 10 : slightly_smiling_face : Shall I book this for you ? And for business class ? User : of course business class yes go ahead send Paris the bill lol Wizard : confirmation email with all details will be headed way shortly . Thank you for using our services . User : my assistant and I want to to ciudad juarez over the next couple weeks to take care of a little chihuahua Wizard : are you coming from and when would you like to go User between the 9th and the of september ; i can leave anywhere Wizard : What 's your budget ? User : uunder 3200 please Wizard : Okay , best accommodation in Ciudad Juarez is a 3.5 star hotel next to a palace . It is rated 8.8/10 by guests offers free wifi breakfast , and parking . : there is no park nearby though is Wizard : My database does not that is near a park . User : are there any other ? Wizard : There is one other . A star hotel near a market with the same amenities . No mention of being near a park . User : can you Naples in that case Wizard : In Naples we have a fantastic 4 star hotel with 8.86/10 guest ratings . near a park though . User : Atlanta Wizard : In Atlanta actually have a 3.5 star beachside hotel near the park . You can stay up to 10 days and enjoy free parking and free wifi your . User : i meant to that sounds perfect AND park Wizard : You can be there for 10 days for 1831.46 you leave from Baltimore . Does that work for you ? Otherwise I have other departure cities available too . User : let 's book : wink : Wizard : Consider it done ! 'll be there from the 14th to the 23rd . Have a great trip : slightly_smiling_face : User : hey hello need to get to Atlanta Wizard : How are you today User and i need to leave form birmingham Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : yeaaa 1700 bucks Wizard : Travelling ? User : yupp Wizard : When do you need to leave by ? User : september at the earliest Wizard : Our best package is a 10 day stay at Paradise Suites from September 16th to . This a 3.5 star near the beach . no no no not 3.5 stars need to be in the lap of luxury god my photography subjects will be what else have you got i can increase my budget if that will help Wizard : How much can you increase your budget this is the package we ? : i can add another thousand Wizard : That did n't make a difference . User : I have never used chat thing before hope I am doing it right I need to book a most vacation for my grandson and I Wizard So is for 1 kid and 1 adult ? Where are you based and where are you looking to go ? User : Yes grandson and I. I won $ 3600 in the slots you know so i want to him the best vacation ever he has never been anywhere you know , neither have I . I would like to go to Lima , I heard the weather is very nice there . What do you think of Can cun , my cousing Joe used to live there . Wizard : Okay but where are guys from ? User : San Juan . I have lived here 45 years I moved there married his grandfather , he 's passed now , was a good , I really miss him . My grandson is the light my life now his mama works too much . Wizard : We have an 11 day package at a 4 star hotel , with a park nearby . It costs 1698.75 for an economy flight and for business . Would you be interested ? User : Do you think my grandson would that ? Wizard You would love the park and the wifi . And flying is always fun ! User : What about La Paz . Is there fun for him to do in La Paz ? Wizard : Why yes ! have a lovely 7 day package at star hotel with free parking , breakfast , and free wifi , all coming to a of 2527.89 for economy and 3138.47 for business class . Does this entice you ? User : We can only leave after 11 and we need to back before the start of school on Sept . Do both these packages suit the dates ? Wizard : I 'm afraid only the La Paz one does . Would you book ? User : guess if only La Paz suits the dates then La Paz it is . go ahead and book and take care sweetie Wizard : Consider ! your trip with your grandson . User : Thank you kindly : Wizard : Need help booking a trip ? User : run this in Jerusalem . you fly out of there ? Wizard : , sorry we do not . User anyway User I 've got days to take off this month .. any time is good . I was looking to see where I can go from Barcelona Is there a you 'd like to stay under ? User : Nope ! Wizard : We 've got trips to Detroit , Curitiba , Kingston , Santos Kyoto , and Kochi . User : Tell me about the Kochi package first please . Wizard : is a 9 day trip from Sept 11-18 with stays at a 3.5 hotel in heart of Kochi . You can enjoy easy access park free access to wifi . in the past have rated the experience 7.15/10 . Total will be business flights . User Nice ! I want to hear the package to Curitiba to compare . Wizard : Our in Curitiba is a 3.5 beachside hotel with a solid 8.22/10 guest rating . Free parking , free breakfast , free wifi are offered . The 9 day stay with business flights is 1999.50 . User Curitiba is great deal ! I think I 'll go with that one Wizard : Sure ! will book it for you . Email confirmation coming way . Anything else ? User : No - that 's it . I appreciate it : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : No problem ! Have a good trip : slightly_smiling_face : User : I ’ d like to from Indianapolis but keep it under 5700 please Wizard : Travelling alone ? User : indeeed I am ! Wizard : Do you have travel dates in ? User : nope - just soon Wizard : have and 3 star hotels , you prefer to hear about ? User : is in a better area ? : 3 star for Would you rather have economy flights or business ? User : What is around the hotel ? And what is the guest rating ? Wizard : A park , airport , and university . The guest rating 7.15/10 . They also offer parking , breakfast , and wifi . User : can you find me in Maceio ? I ’ d like something the of the city .. maybe near markets or shopping districts Wizard : A 3.5 hotel near a park and shopping . User : Even if I left Fukuoka instead ? Wizard : Yes . This is result . User : Maceio , what ’ s the travel date ? Wizard : September 12th to 21st . User : Price ? Wizard : 5569.34 . User : Ok let ’ s do it Wizard : Done ! have a great day User : Thanks - you too User : I want to go to Kingston from Queenstown with my bestie ! Can you get me there ? I want the best you have ! Highest ! Wizard : Queenstown to Kingston for how many adults ? : Just me and friend Wizard : When would you like to go and for how long ? User : Anytime but soon cuz my bday is in a days and is doesnt matter how long Wizard : I have a departure of Sept 12 for a 6 day to Ebony Manor Inn & Suites in Kingston , which is our rated hotel in Kingston with a 4 star rating . If you wanted to go a longer stay at the Ebony Manor Inn & Suites , the departure date would Sept 18 and you could for 12 days User : Do you have 5 hotels in Osaka ? ? want the paparazzi seeing me in anything below 5 stars embarrassing Wizard : The highest rated hotel we have in Osaka is the Aquamarine Majesty Hotel , also a 4 star hotel . User : Anything in Antonioo ? Wizard : Unfortunately in San , we only have 2 star hotels available User : That 's unacceptable Find me something better . User : Hi ! I have 4 children and I like to take them to to visit their mom . We are in Monterrey . Wizard : it just be 1 adult and 4 children ? Do you budget in mind ? User Correct And budget , I ’ willing to spend whatever for my kids to see their mum Wizard Do you have any dates in ? And how long do you on travelling for ? User : Nope ! Whatever . We arent Wizard : 'm afraid n't have any packages available from Monterrey to Santa Cruz . Would you like to leave from another city ? User : I cant leave from anywhere else but we go to San Juan instead . Wizard : I have a wonderful 9 day package in San that includes a 4 star hotel with a guest rating of 8.98/10 . class would cost 3249.23 and business would be for all of . Are you interested User : Is there anything shorter ? Yes we have a 6 day package that to a of 4987 , does that interest ? User : Is that the shortest package ? Wizard : Yes indeed . Would you like to book it ? User : Sure ! Thank you Wizard : Perfect . it booked . You will receive an email shortly . User : Hola I need to go on a trip ! Wizard : Certainly ! What can assist you with ? User : The kids miss their mommy very much . Can you take us to Jerusalem ? Wizard I ’ sorry but I ’ m unable to offer packages to Jerusalem at this time . Would there be an alternate destination could travel to ? Can I perhaps find you another destination ? User : ..... I think I got a idea ! maybe go to Naples and since it 's so nearby my wife can just walk over from Jerusalem eh ? Wizard : Absolutely Where would you like to leave from ? Cordoba : Great ! I have several for you . Would you like to for 9 days ? I also have shorter packages available if you . User : days is fine . Just need a hotel with something to do for the kids maybe ... outdoor activities at least wifi if all else fails Wizard : The 9 day package would be at the 3 star Courtyard hotel in heart of the city near a museum . There is free breakfast wifi included in stay and hotel has a 8.8/10 guest rating . User : How much is it ? 2603.2USD if choose to fly economy User there options that are significantly ? Wizard : I have an 8 day the Tower Hotel , 4 star hotel with a 8.86/10 guest rating - though not near any noted points of interest - for 4085.46USD ( economy class ) . The package also includes wifi and free breakfast . User You know what , I 'd prefer to take the to the first one . At least they can see the museum and stuff . Wizard : Great idea : slightly_smiling_face : Shall I ahead and book that you User : you do that ? ? YES PLEASE ! Wizard : Of course consider it booked : Thanks so much kids wife will be so excited : slightly_smiling_face : User : I to find something september 8th and for under 4300 from frankfurt Wizard : Hello I can help you with your request . Did you have any special destination in mind ? : no i just want to know what my options are Wizard have several options from Frankfurt . Are you for a category hotel or a certain length of stay ? User : Not yet , can you give me a list of place i can ? : Minneapolis , Rosario , Porto or Punta . User : Can you give me some more info on Rosario Wizard In Rosario , have a star hotel available for 18 days with a take off date of September 10th and a return date of September 26 . This package includes a free breakfast and wifi User : Anything better in Porto ? Wizard : In Porto I have a choice between a 3.5 star hotel or a 4 star hotel . The 3.5 star hotel is available for a stay and the 4 star is available for a 17 day stay . Would you like details on either one of these ? User : can i hear more about the star ? Wizard : Golden Keep in Porto Alegre , is a star hotel with a perfect 10/10 guest rating . Located on beach and close to parks , shopping and mall , stay would be for days . This package comes with breakfast and wifi included in the price of 4227.72USD should you choose fly class . I wan to verify this would be for person User : Yes just me . I would like to book please Wizard : Perfect . I will just confirm your departure at 4:00 pm - Thursday , September 2016 and return at am - Saturday , September 24th 2016 . Thank and a nice day User : thanks you too User : I have 7 kids and we would like to go to Dublin . want to see their mom , she works there . We in Santa Cruz . : So 7 children and 1 adult ? Do you have a ? User : yup no budget . Wizard : How many would you like to for ? And do you have dates in mind ? User : nothing in mind we can go wheneveer Wizard : I have a 14 package and 15 day package , there one that interests you more ? User : 15 Wizard : 15 day package includes a hotel that free parking , breakfast , and wifi , and comes to a grand total of 12492.91 for economy and 16223.62 for business Would you like to book this ? User : What is the hotel rated and is the guest rating Wizard : It 's a 2.5 star hotel with guest rating of 6.77/10 . 2.5 star hotels are the most highly rated that we have our packages from Santa Cruz to Dublin Would you like to proceed with booking for this trip ? User : pricey for star hotel… .. Can you check the shortest trip available to Nagoya ? Wizard : We only have one package for Nagoya , it 's 15 days . Are you interested User : thats long . I think we will just go somewhere else to book . Thanks anyway tho . User Miami from Goiania 3400 : I ’ m sorry but we do not offer direct packages between those cities . I find you a package from an alternate departure point ? User : Hi there , I really want to go to Osaka but do n't really know what kind of trip I want . I heard from my friend you guys have a wide of offerings so I want to check out what are availabilities for Osaka . Wizard : Sure ! Where are you leaving from ? User : I 'm from Cleveland . Wizard : Of course ! I a few different hotels available . help me narrow them down , could some information ? Maybe a , desired departure date , length of stay etc . User : Can you show me things between Sept 12 and ? I 've a ballpark budget 3600 . Wizard : Ok ! The longest can offer you would be at Prophecy Hotel . The hotel is 2.5 stars with a 7.06/10 user rating . The hotel is near museum , has free wifi and breakfast , and costs 2225.77USD . User : Do you other packages with better Wizard : I have an 8 day package Aquamarine Majesty ! It is a 4 star hotel with a guest ratings . The hotel is a park and and provides free wireless internet access and parking . User : That 's not bad , much is this one ? Wizard : 2652.5USD for economy class flights . You can fly business for total of 3401.68USD if you prefer . User : How days is the package you showed me ? Wizard : User I assume 4 star one is the best you can find ? Wizard : That correct . User : If I increase ballpark by 300 you be able to find something better ? : seems Aquamarine Majesty Hotel is the nicest we have available in . User : Okay thanks for your help ! I take it Wizard : No problem ! Would you like book business class ? User : It fits in my budget right Let 's book business . Wizard : It fits budget , . User : Ok let 's for Wizard Consider it done slightly_smiling_face : Enjoy your stay ! User : want to go somewhere from toronto ideally between spt 9 and spt 24. we will 1 adult and 4 children . we have 13700 . : How do you feel about a trip to Los Angeles ? We have a 3 star hotel with a guest rating of 8.86/10 and it includes free parking , breakfast , and wifi . Are you interested ? User : Sounds pretty good but can you tell me what other trips are available . Wizard : Of course . We also have a 16 day trip to Rio de Janeiro , as as a 15 day trip to Madrid , Spain , at a 5 star hotel . of this interest you ? User : Can I hear about the package ? Wizard : Sure thing ! It free breakfast wifi and the hotel has guest rating of 9.16 out of 10 . There is also a museum , a cathedral , and a palace nearby so there are plenty of activities for you and children do ! Economy class costs a total of 7377.47 while business would be . you interested in this package ? User : sure us down for economy flights please . Wizard : An excellent choice ! You will receive a confirmation email shortly . User : thanks User : I want to go to queenstown for 6 Wizard : Hello . I can assist you with that . From which will you be departing ? User : diego : What is your preference in travel dates ? : I have the 12th 19th off : We have the 6 day for you at the 4 star Emerald Mountain Hotel from Sept to the 16th . you more about it , I just want to make sure your budget is appropriate for this package . User : Yeah I dont have a budget , im treating myself for once . Wizard : Perfect . This 4 star hotel with a guest rating is located near a museum . During your stay you will be provided with complimentary breakfast and unlimited wifi use no charge . Parking also should you wish to a car . The total cost on this is 4204.62USD if you desire a business class flight . Are you interested in booking this package ? User : I am very interested before I book can you check Kyoto ? Wizard : In Kyoto , I have a choice between 2 different hotels , both with a 3 star rating and both for 5 day stays . : No to inform me on this one , I would to book the trip to Queenstown please Wizard : Did want the business class package User : yeah for , i wan na be spoiled Wizard : I will proceed with the booking then and send confirmation . User : Thanks ! User would like to to Ulsan from San Juan my wife and son . I need inspiration for my novel Wizard : No problem ! Do you have a budget in mind ? : 4800 and to stay for days Wizard I 'm afraid we do n't have anything that fits budget . Would it be expand your budget ? User : no but we can try hiroshima too Wizard : I 'm afraid we do n't have anything that fits your budget for that either . Would you like to try another ? User : no but can stay 9 days instead of 3 Wizard : 'm afraid we do n't have that fits your budget . Is there anything else I can help you with ? User : Seattle it is ! ! Wizard : Yes Seattle ! Ok ! Where are you leaving ? User : Good old Atlanta Wizard : Any days mind ? User Anytime anytime ! Just need to be there . Oh also with my lawyers And my kid .. why not Wizard : I have the 5 star Emerald ! It is all I can that currently available for a large party . The guest rating is airport pickup is included . Free parking is also available . User : When can we September 10th until the 18th . User How much is for everyone Wizard : All together cost is 13024.40USD for economy flights . User Would business class cost a more ? Wizard : Upgrading to business class would bring your total cost to 16078.42USD User : Yeah ..... no . Okay I 'll take economy flights ! ! Wizard : Ok ! Absolutely - I will with booking for you in that case .. User : Thanks ! Anything else needed from me ? Wizard : Nope - I will send along a confirmation email and you proceed through the link to confirm your billing and ticketing information . Enjoy ! User Thanks ! User : I like to go to , dont know where tho . I would need to leave from SL and i have 10 days vacation Wizard : I will help find some options out of St. Louis . May I your desired date departure User : I dont have a date Wizard : How about a budget for this trip ? User : $ 0.00 Wizard : I am unable to provide any for $ 0.00 dollars User ughhhhhhhhhhh i guess i can go up to $ 400.00 but that 's as high as im willing to go Wizard : I have nothing out of St. Louis that meets your budget . User : well how about then Wizard : Leaving from Rome ? User : yeah Wizard : You are in luck as we have a few options out of Rome within your budget . If you wanted to travel to , Germany , I have a 5 package at 5 star hotel for low price of . User : I like that . ill take it Wizard : hotel 's name is Harbor , departure on 20th and return on 24th . I will proceed with booking . Thank you and have awesome . User : thank ya : I want to leave from Tel Aviv and go to Fortaleza 2300 with 7 adults : I 'm afraid we do not have any packages that leave from Tel Aviv . Would you like to leave from another instead ? User : I can leave from Kabul Wizard : I 'm afraid we have no flights that leave from Kabul either . Is there another city you would like try ? User : I can go to London from Kabul for 2400 adults Wizard : I 'm afraid we not have flights that leave from Kabul . Is there another city that you would like to try ? User : nope User : Get me out of LA asap ! Wizard : Ok Do you have a destination in mind ? User : Heard Kobe is . Maybe I 'll have better luck there .. Wizard : I have a 15 day stay at Resort Ancient Angel for 3050.0USD leaving Los Angeles today ! User : The hotel 's nice right ? Wizard : It has an official rating of 3.5 the guest rating is 8.69/10 . User : I 'll go ! Wizard : I also have a 10 day package at a 4.5 star if you ’ d prefer that ? User : When does that one leave ? Wizard : September 20th User : no . I need to get out before that ! Wizard : So you ’ ll take the first one ? User : I 'll take the one leaving today pls Wizard : thing : slightly_smiling_face : I will go ahead and it for you . User : Thanks , friend Wizard : My pleasure User : I to go on a vacation from . Wizard : like to go User : Wizard : Do you dates ? monday to the 22nd . Wizard : Do you have a specific amount you would like to spend on trip ? : 4900 Wizard : Will you travelling as part of a or unaccompanied ? User : just me and kid Wizard : I have 3 star the beautiful city of that has a 8.86/10 guest rating . Would you like me to tell you more about this hotel ? User : Is that the highest guest rating Wizard : Yes I searched through all of them and this one has the guest rating of what is available . User : Okay yeah me more about the hotel . Wizard : The Richard can be booked for a 10 day stay , is near the market and cathedral and and includes a free breakfast , wifi use and parking . is available for 2967.36USD . User : Perfect I 'll take it Wizard : Your booking has been taken care of . Have a great . User : Thanks User : I want go to Denver from Rosario Wizard : Not a problem . How many of will there be and how long would you like go for ? User : 2 and kids and im not picky on how long we stay Wizard : Sounds great . Do you have a budget in mind ? User : 12400 Wizard : I have an 18 day package for you a 4 star hotel . It comes a total of 10737.13 economy class . Would you be interested ? User What other packages there ? Wizard : Everything else comes with a 3 star hotel and you can choose 12 , , and 14 day packages User : Can you give me some info on the hotel ? Wizard : For the 4 hotel 18 day package , it has a guest of 8.69/10 and includes free wifi . For the other packages , the best one which I would recommend is the 3 star Brass Renaissance Resort that has a and includes free breakfast and wifi , and lasts for 14 days . Which one would you be interested in ? : I think 3 star sounds better How much are business flights Wizard : It comes to a total of 12367.12 for business . Would you like to book this trip ? User : yeah please Wizard : It 's been ! User : I only have 1800 in the though ... ca n't do with I bet Wizard Depends ! Where are you located ? User : Hold on let me check ... I tend to forget since I never leave my cubicle . OH RIGHT I live in Cordoba Wizard : Oh , ok ! I will see what we have - but did you have anywhere in mind ? User I do n't suppose I can go to Queenstown ? Wizard : You absolutely could ! You could stay 10 days at a 5 star hotel with free breakfast and wifi and spend less than 1000 dollars . User Can you tell it 's by the beach ? ? Or a park ? ? I can go out and enjoy the sun ? : I ’ m sorry but I haven ’ t got any information on the nearby . User : Now I n't think my money take me to Houston can it Wizard : Not with your budget , sorry . User : Then my dream wo n't work for me either right ? Wizard : Sorry no . User : Back to work User : Can I go La Paz from Santos between september 12th and 27th ? Wizard Sure ! I have Echo available from September . does that sound ? User : Sounds good , could you tell me more about hotel and the price ? I do n't have a budget . : The is 4 stars 8.98/10 in user reviews . The price for economy class flights in your package would be dollars . User : That is really good actually . is the price for business class Wizard : 2809.92USD for business class . User : nice . Do you have anything to Marseille ? Wizard : I sure do ! I two different 4 star hotels . One with a 8.98/10 rating and another with 8.69/10 . User : Give me the 8.98/10 Wizard : is near a museum , has free wifi , and has packages available from Sept 12-17 or 16-22 . User : coolio . Do you to San Antonio ? Wizard : I do but the are all stars . you want to hear about them ? User : no thanks . you tell me what you have Pittsburgh ? Wizard : In Pittsburgh I have two different star hotels within your date range . User : I think I like the La Paz package but what do they have amenities ? Wizard La Paz has free , free breakfast , and free wifi at the I mentioned for you earlier . User : okay thats fine . Can you book me for the Marseille trip from to 22nd ? Wizard : I ! or business class ? User How much is the business one ? : 4020.63USD User works for me , book it Wizard : Great - it booked ! User : Thanks ! User : I need to get home ! It ’ s an emergency Wizard : Where are you located ? User : Jerusalem Wizard : I regret that we have no flights out of : I can leave minneapolis then . I need to get to Lima . Wizard : The earliest I out of Minneapolis destination Lima Sept 11th . Are you okay with this ? It would cost you 1606.83USD User : Is there anything leaving on 14th 15th ? Wizard : Yes I have departures on both those dates too . The Sept departure comes as part 9 day stay and the Sept 15th departure comes as part of an 8 day stay . User : the 14th is best for my schedule . Can you tell me the cost Wizard : The via economy class flights would be 993.58USD . Your stay would be at the Wolf Inn , a 3.5 with a guest rating of 8.86/10 Your breakfast will be included in the as wifi and . User : that ’ s fine , can we book it now ? Wizard : Of course I will proceed with reservation . User : Thanks : Hi ! can help me giving the honeymoon in Cancun ! Wizard : Sure thing ! Where will be coming from ? And do you have a budget ? : we just finished wedding in Burlington so we can leave from anytime . We blew out both of our bank accounts for the wedding so now the both of us can put only . Wizard : I 'm afraid we do n't offer anything that fits your budget . your flexibl User : Can find me something in Tampa ? Wizard : Most certainly We have a 7 day package at the Dual Loch Hotel which has 3 stars and has a guest rating of 8.8/10 . It includes free parking , breakfast , and wifi , 1487.43 for economy and 1785.35 for business . Would you be interested in booking User : Nice ! Is it to something cool ? Wizard : It is close to things , including a park , a museum , a beach , and an airport . you to book this trip ? User : Before I get too carried away , is this the option that works for us ? Wizard only other package we have is a day one with the same hotel , costing at 1755.8 for economy class . Which package you prefer ? : So it 's actually cheaper to stay longer ? ? Wizard : That 's what I 've found in database , yes . User : .. We were thinking of only stay 4 days to save money and go to work earlier ... but this case We 'll go for the 7 days ! Wizard : Would you to book or business class ? User : 'm going to splurge for biz since I can afford it : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : Good choice ! Your package now been booked . Enjoy your holiday ! User : Thank you ! User : get me out of for 13 days Wizard where would you like to go ? User : i dont care : when you like to User anytime Wizard : I have options out of . Do have a spending limit for this trip ? User : 400 Wizard : For $ , I can get you to Vitoria , Spain to a 3 star located right in town , in business class to . User : Is this my only option Wizard yes User : oh…well then I guess I ’ ll take hahah Wizard : Business economy ? User : business duh Wizard : Your trip been booked at the Hotel Oro for 4 . Enjoy your stay . User : thank ya kindly . User : I would like you to find me , wife , and my 4 children , a trip to from Seattle . Wizard : Sure ! When would you like to go ? User : 11th to 21st or somewhere in between . Wizard : you a budget in mind ? User : We have 4700 to spend . Wizard : Great ! I two hotels within your budget is 3 stars and near a park , the other is not near anything note . have free parking , breakfast , and . User : What is the other hotel rated ? Wizard : 2.5 User : . okay , do you have anything Chicago ? Wizard : I have one hotel . It is 2.5 stars with 8.69/10 from users . User : Anything in Las Vegas ? Wizard : Yes ! I have a 3 star hotel a market , with 8.98/10 from users , and free breakfast as as free parking and wifi ! User : What is the guest rating at the star hotel in Guadalajara Wizard : 8.49/10 User : Okay think Las Vegas is the winner here . How much is the and what are dates ? Wizard : Would you like to fly economy or business ? User : Business if we can Wizard The cost would be 6206.38USD User : Okay and what are the dates ? Wizard September 11th - 21st User : Ah Perfect ! Yes book this for us please Wizard Ok , will proceed with booking ! Please watch for a confirmation email . User : Thanks ! User : The big boss approved Sept 12-28 Wizard : Where would you like to go and how many of you there be ? User : I 'm thinking of a solo outing down Porto . Where will coming from ? And is certain amount that you would like to spend ? User : Cancun ! Maybe 10 days ? I 've been waiting for too long so do n't mind splurging on this trip Wizard I have a great for you to Porto ! It 's a 7 day at a 3.5 star with a guest rating of 9.16/10 . It includes free breakfast and wifi , and it would cost 2196.98 for economy class 2810.6 for business . Are you interested ? : Do you have anything longer ? Wizard : I 'm afraid we only provide 7 day packages . Do you have preferences that would help me narrow down your search ? User : Have you got anything better in Tampa ? Wizard : We have an day package at a 3 star with a guest rating of 8.8/10 that costs 1239.45 for economy class and 1507.68 for . Are you interested in booking this trip ? User : Anything higher rated ? Wizard : I sorry , 's the same hotel for all packages in Tampa . like to me proceed with booking this ? User : a last attempt to find something can you see if there are better to Marseille ? Wizard : We have a luxurious day package at the 4 star hotel Duchesse with a rating of 8.98/10 costing at 3578.78 for economy and 4601.70 for business . Are you interested ? User : Is it close anything of interest ? : , there is famous museum nearby . Would you like to book ? User : Can I check which dates is this trip ? Wizard Of It September 16th and returns on 25th . User : That nice ! Alright sign me ! Wizard : Your now booked . Have a wonderful trip ! : Thank you for your help ! User : I would like to take wife and 4 kids on a trip from Toronto to Porto Wizard : 2 adults , 4 children ? User : Wizard : I have packages available from Toronto to Porto Alegre . : bout to La Paz ? Wizard : I apologize User : What about Cleveland ? Wizard : No packages available Toronto - Cleveland User : Nothing at all ! ? ! ? ! ? ! That ’ s shocking . Guess i ’ ll have to discuss different options with the wife , I might back . : I need to find MEWTWO ! ! ! ! ! I need to get to Paris from Kingston on after the 6th . I have a friend tagging along to help and have 6000 Wizard : Ok ! I can get there on the 7th you can stay at a 4 star hotel near a museum , shopping , and cathedral . The hotel gives free wifi and free breakfast . The guest is , and its half your budget : 2706.43 User Not bad , a Cathedral might be a good Pokéstop . Do you have anything to Phoenix ? Wizard : I have two hotels in - one 2.5 near a museum and the airport , the other a 3 star near a museum and a university . The guest ratings at 7.06 and 6.91 , respectively . Both also include breakfast , free wireless , and free parking . : I think I have better luck if I to Paris . Wizard : Ok ! Is the 14 stay at Queen 's Jungle Hotel okay with you ? I also have shorter packages available . User : 14 days is fine Wizard ! I can upgrade you to business class and stay within your budget if you ’ d like . The total cost would be $ 3415 . User : Sure ! Wizard : Great : slightly_smiling_face : Enjoy your trip User : Thanks ! User Hi Wizard : What can I do for you ? User : I need to leave Beijing , I ’ like to go to Munich with 10 adults and 3300 between us Wizard : We not from Beijing to Munich User : How bout Kabul to Munich ? Wizard : We have flights out of Kabul User : Any flights New York for 2300 4 adults ? Wizard : To New York out of what city ? User : Kabul Wizard : We do not fly anywhere out of Kabul User : Ok then leave from Beijing : I to inform you that Beijing - New is also unavailable : I want to take my friends me from San Diego to for my birthday bash Wizard : Sure ! 6 adults total then ? User : ya Wizard : when would you like to go on this trip ? User : I dont care Wizard Anything in particular you are looking for in your ? User : I want the best . Nothing under 5 stars Wizard One of our absolute best packages happens to be located in , it is a 5 star luxury hotel a 9.32/10 guest rating . Is this something that interests you ? User It might . Let me take a peek at my other destinations first This party to be perfect . Can you check Marseille Wizard : We also have a 5 star luxury hotel in Marseille with a 8.69/10 guest rating , except this one also includes a spa . This package is only available for 5 days whereas the Frankfurt package is available for days . User : Nice . Anything in Pittsburgh ? Wizard : All available in at the moment are all at 2.5 star properties . : I think the Marseille trip is the best since there ’ s a spa . Is there a in the hotel in Frankfurt ? Wizard No , the Atlantis Peaks Resort in Frankfurt does not have a on the premises User : ok then i ’ ll go with marseille Wizard : There are business class seats available with this package . Do you want me to book on those ? The total cost will be 18412.34USD for the 5 day package User just as long as I get business class Wizard : You are at the luxury Résidence Alpha for 5 days on business class . User : User : I would like to take my family on a trip from Kabul to Phoenix : Sorry but we do not offer flights out of Kabul . Is there another nearby city you could leave from ? : no User Take me from Beijing to Salvador the 24th to 27th for 2500 under Wizard : I ’ m sorry , I ’ t do that Our services do not operate out of Beijing . I help you with something else by any chance ? User : I need to get to North Vancouver to shoot my movie . Coming from Birmingham Wizard : Sure ! When do you want to travel ? User : anytime . for any price . Sadly I can ’ t find anything from Birmingham to North . Is there anywhere else you go ? : I guess could hang with Selena in Kingston YET AGAIN . Wizard : From Birmingham I can book you multiple packages Ebony Manor Inn & Suites , a 4 star hotel with 8.22/10 user reviews . User : ok tell me about these packages . Wizard : There ’ s a September 18th-30th or a 7 day from 24th-30th . The hotel is a museum free breakfast , wifi , and parking included . User : I want the 13 day Wizard : Sure ! class ? User : duh Wizard : In that case your total will 1155.77USD . I shall email booking confirmation shortly . Enjoy your stay : slightly_smiling_face : User : Ya User : Need two tickets out of Buenos Aires ! Wizard : For two adults ? would you like to go ? User Yup two adults ! They can be anywhere in the world except here For as long as between the 20th and the 3rd next month please Wizard : Do you have a budget in mind ? User : Yup , can you something under 3000 ? Wizard : Why yes ! We have a wonderful 14 day package for Porto Alegre at a 3.5 star hotel with a guest rating of 9.16/10 , costing at for economy class and 2652.90 for business . Are you interested User : Not ! when does this trip leave ? : It leaves September 20th and returns October 3rd just as you : slightly_smiling_face : : ! ! ! Book it for business please ! I that 'll do it ! Wizard : Consider it booked ! Have a nice trip : slightly_smiling_face : User : Thanks ! I 'm sure it will be amazinggg User : I wan na find vacation between yesterday and 24th for under 3200 and leaving from Tijuana Wizard : Ok ! Do you have a destination in mind ? User : no Wizard : Ok well I ’ ll let you know the top options I ’ ve . I a 16 day package to Porto , 14 days Angeles , Rio de Janeiro , or Tampa , days in Vancouver , or Goiania . User Tell me about Porto Wizard : The hotel Amistad is 3.5 stars with 9.16/10 from past guests . It is near a mall , shopping district , and univeristy . The total with flights would be 3064.92 dollars , including breakfast and wifi . User : Tell me about the Goiania package Wizard : With economy flights you could stay at Scarlet Palms Resort 2903.54 . This 3.5 star hotel is near a park shopping district User whats the rating Wizard : 7.15/10 User : I like one to Porto can you book it ? Wizard : Sure ! Will be everything for you today ? User : ya but are there business class flights for porto ? Wizard Not within your budget , sorry . User : thats fine , economy it is . Wizard : Great - I ’ ll book economy class . Enjoy your trip ! User : thanks User : Hi yes , to Jerusalem please . Wizard : How many are you and where are you coming from User : Just me . 'll leave from Lima . : I 'm afraid we do not offer any packages from to Jerusalem . Would you to book another destination ? User : Tofino ? Wizard : I 'm afraid do not have any flights destined to Tofino either . Would you like to book another ? User : Ugh if you ca n't get me to New York then we 're done . Wizard : That is indeed possible ! We have packages , one lasting 18 days and the other 14 days . one would you like ? User : New York 'm only willing to spend 1600 . Do both of them work ? Wizard : Yes indeed ! User : What are the hotels like ? Wizard : It 's all the same hotel . 2.5 stars with a guest rating 8.22/10 . parking , breakfast , and wifi come with the package and the is situated near a museum and an airport Which package are you interested in , the 14 the 18 day one ? User : No shorter packages ? Wizard I 'm afraid not I book the 14 day package you then ? User : Alright I guess I have no choice . Please take care of booking for ! Wizard : Excellent ! It has now been . will receive confirmation email the next five minutes Have a good . : thanks ! : I have 9 days vacation Wizard : Ok ! Where do you live ? User : Baltimore Wizard : Do you know where you want togo ? User no Wizard : Any monetary or date restrictions ? User : I want to leave on or after the 20th Wizard : Ok. about 17 days at Opportunity Suites in ? User : Whats the hotel like ? Wizard : 4 , near shopping has free and wifi User : whats the guest rate : User : ok. you any other options ? : Of course ! I have 17 day package in Santo Domingo at a 3 star hotel with 7.06/10 from guests . This is near a , and has free breakfast , , and parking ! User : Anything else ? Wizard : I have 17 days at Twin Canyon Inn and in San Francisco . This hotel is 2 stars in the heart of near a museum , has 5.23/10 from past users , and provides free breakfast , wifi access , parking . User : I think I will just stick to the one in Rosario . How much is it for business class Wizard : 4990.54USD , from September 23rd to October 9th User I only have days vacation tho Wizard : Ok ! I will narrow the trips down day ones . : ok please do Wizard : I have 9 trips at Scarlet Resort in Goiania , Viewpoint in St. Petersburg Hotel Richard in Toronto . User : Goiania good , whats the hotel like ? Wizard : The hotel 3.5 stars , near a park and shopping , has 7.15/10 from guest reviews , and includes parking , wifi , and all for price of 4166.55USD ( business class price ) . User : cool . Whats the highest rated hotel available ? Wizard : Goiania ? User : Anywhere Wizard : Hotel Eric in Toronto has 4 stars and a 8.8/10 user review . User : Tell Wizard : The hotel near a cathedral the airport includes free breakfast and . User more Wizard : You would leave September , return the , and 1166.0USD economy class flights . : ok 'll take it , is there business class ? Wizard : Yes ; upgrading to would bring your total 1455.30USD . this ? User : yea book er : Ok , consider done : slightly_smiling_face : User : thank u User : I have 4 kids i want to on a trip to see their mom in Santa Cruz Wizard : Where would you leave from ? User : Belo Horizonte Wizard : I have no travel packages available out of Belo Horizonte to Santa Cruz . User : Anything to Punta Cana ? Wizard : Yes . to confirm , this will be for 1 adult and 4 children , correct ? : ya Wizard : Do you have any dates in mind possible length stay User : no Wizard : only have one option for in Punta Cana that can accommodate you and that would be a 17 day stay at the Scarlet Peaks Hotel , a 3 star property near the cathedral that includes your breakfast and wifi . Total price : 6346.47USD based on economy flights User : Okay that ’ s fine . We ’ ll take it . Wizard I made the reservation have a pleasant trip . User : thanks ! User : Hey ! So I in charge of planning the next vacay for my wife and me plus our seven munchkins . Wizard : So that would be 2 adults and children ? Where you from and where would you like to User : Yup ! Our family 's settled in Vancouver . I 've got a few sweet destinations in mind but can you help me check Punta first ? Wizard : Not a problem . you have a fixed budget ? User : Yeah that 's the hard part ... we 're hoping to spend only 1300 Wizard : 'm afraid we nothing that accommodates your budget Could you expand your budget ? User : Ugh that 's what I thought . The most I can her to spend is $ 1000 more Wizard : I 'm afraid we still do n't have anything that accommodates your budget . you like to try destination ? User : This is harder than I thought ... What about Denver ? Wizard : I have an 8 day package to Denver 1900.60 for business and 1420.71 for economy Would this interest ? : pretty good .. can you tell me more the ? Wizard : It 's 3 stars with wifi included there is a museum and university nearby . User : How much did other like ? Wizard : There 's no guest for this one , I 'm afraid . Are you still interested this package ? User : Are there other hotels or packages Denver ? : I 'm afraid 's all we have for Denver ... User : Okay .. anything for Santiago then ? Wizard : Nothing that suits your accommodation I afraid . else may I help you ? User : That 's for now ! I 'm going to talk to wife about the Denver option and come back to you once we 've decided Wizard : My pleasure . Have a good . User : I want to at trips San to Dublin for and under . Wizard : What are your interests in terms of destination User : I thought already said , from San Jose Dublin : I do not have travel available to Dublin User : How to Atlanta Wizard San to Atlanta also unavailable User How bout alexandria Wizard : For how ? User : just me Wizard : I have one package in Alexandria for an 8 stay at the 3 star Bronze Inn & Suites over by the university . User : Do you have anything in San Antonio Wizard Got a couple of alternatives in San Antonio , both 2 star rated with longer stays available . User : ok me them Wizard : I have the 2 Winter Hill Inn close to the park mall theatre offering free parking , and wifi for 11 and 17 and I have the 2 star Vertex Inn close to the , mall offering free parking , breakfast wifi available for 11 and 14 days . How long were you hoping to stay in San Antonio ? User : idk as long as possible Wizard The Winter Hill is available for 17 days at from Sept 14 to Sept 30 User : nice… .. . great . days off work ... Wizard : Would you like me to this for you ? User : No , I don ’ t have any vacation left so I can ’ t anything . Thanks for looking anyway . appreciate it . Wizard : Not a problem . Please do hesitate to contact us again should you have any travel requirements . User : I want to throw my parents a plane and them out of my hair Wizard Sure , I help book a trip for 2 : slightly_smiling_face : is the departure point , and what the budget ? : departing from Sendai and i only have 4400 Wizard : Sure ! When would you like to have them travel ? User : between the 17th and 30th Wizard : There ’ s a 4 star hotel Marseille for those exact dates for 3618.78USD . It has a and free wifi and is located a cathedral . User : is flights economy or business ? Wizard : Economy . User : Ok , do you have any packages ? I 'll probably end up going Marseille one cuz marseille is romantic so it 's an easy sell I 'm curious what else there is Wizard : Yes , there are packages to Atlanta , Chicago , St. Louis , Ulsan , Fukuoka , and Las Vegas all within budget and date range . User : What you have in SL ? Wizard : The 3 star Cloak Inn , which is the beach includes free breakfast wifi . Guest rating for this hotel is 7.15/10 . : What 's in Chicago ? : Soft Summit near the airport and a . User : whats the hotel like there ? Wizard : 2.5 stars with 6.91/10 guest rating . Free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi as well . User : okay . Well I still like the Marseille package the best . How much is it for business ? Wizard : It would be above your budget . User : ok then 'll it economy Wizard : Great , that be 3618.78USD . User : Thanks Wizard : You are so very welcome ! User : I n't it amazing but YES I need do go back to Minneapolis ! Wizard : Okay ! Where will you be coming from ? And how many of you will there be ? : I in Guadalajara right now . Just me : We only offer and 13 day packages , do you have a preference ? User : to tell you ! I have 1300 the bank . it ? Wizard : I 'm happy to inform you that both are packages are within your . Do you have preference ? User I just want go as soon as possible . When does earliest trip ? Wizard : Friday September 16th for 10 days . Would you like to more about this package ? User : If I leave from Vancouver are there flights that leave earlier ? Wizard : , but only by 5 hours . you prefer that ? User : Not really worth it . I 'll take the that leaves from Guadalajara ! Economy flight 's good How much is it total Wizard : It would 1284.10 . I book it for you ? User : Yes please ! : Consider it booked ! You 'll on a flight to Minneapolis soon enough ! : I would like to find a vacation between the 24th from San Francisco Fort Lauderdale for 3800 Wizard I have no travel from San Francisco to Fort Lauderdale User : I would to go to Salvador from Detroit with 4 adults and 11 children total Wizard : Sure ! When can you leave ? User : Anytime Wizard : Unfortunately all I can find in Salvador right now Adult Only hotels . Are any other destinations I could look at for User : no User : Hi , id like go Goiania with my 4 besties from Kobe Wizard Departure ? User : Kobe… .. i just said Wizard : date User : doesnt matter Wizard : We can provide stays at 2 different hotels , both rated 3.5 stars . Are you interested in more about these ? User : No I 5 stars . any 5 in Rio de Janeiro ? Wizard : We have no star hotels in Rio de Janeiro User : Sapporo Wizard : available hotels in Sapporo at the present time are 3 star hotles User : Yes ! choose Tampa ! There lies my destiny . Wizard : May I ask where will you be coming from ? And will it be just you ? User : I will have 5 fellow teammates are we 're based in Columbus Wizard : So 6 adults from Is a budget keep in mind ? User : We were 15900 . Wizard We have a wonderful 13 day to offer you with a stay at a 3 hotel that has a guest rating 8.8/10 . This also includes , breakfast , wifi . you interested in this package ? User : Is it a nice location ? Wizard : Most definitely ! And a convenient one indeed . There 's an airport , a beach , a park , and a museum nearby ! Plenty of activities for you and your group to do your stay . Shall I proceed with booking ? User : Before anything can also check Essen Wizard : Not that your budget I 'm afraid . it flexible ? User : I can pull together an additional $ 500 at . Wizard : I 'm afraid there is still nothing that fits your budget . there any other options that you 'd like explore ? User : No 's fine , 's just get the Tampa . Wizard Okay , now booking 13 day to Tampa . an email shortly . Enjoy trip ! User : Thanks so ! User : Minneapolis to Punta Cana Wizard : 1855.8USD for 15 days . User : whats the hotel like Wizard : 3 , near a cathedral , free breakfast and wifi . : kk bout a to Guadalajara ? Wizard : At a hotel 1106.92USD for economy flights including parking , free breakfast and free wifi . This is an 11 package . User : What about to Belem ? Wizard : Lots options in Belem longest are 9 . I have star on the beach or a 3 star near a cathedral . User Whats the for the 4.5 star ? Wizard : 1910.19USD with business class flights User wow . i could afford all these . shocking . well i cant book anything . sorry for wasting your time . Wizard : Have a good . User : I need to book a trip for me and Madonna to Birmingham from Milan . Wizard : How many ? User : Wizard : Desired dates for travel please User : anytime but i should be back by the 25th or 27th Wizard : I have the 4 star Emerald right by the museum from Sept 17 to the 27th User Do you have anything in Las Vegas for 5 stars ? Wizard : Only 3 star hotels available in Vegas : ok well i think we will with the 4 star then . Can you tell me some more about the hotel ? Wizard : 4 star hotel a 8.86/10 guest rating , includes free wifi . A 12 day package via business class 6467.39USD User : sign us . business class for sure User : I need to get to Marseille from Dallas Wizard ! When do you want to go ? : trip for 1 september ... 23rd Wizard : Have you got budget ? User : i 1400 Wizard : Sorry , but I can ’ t accommodate this request . Anything else I could try for you ? User : I can to Denver Wizard : you prefer a 4 , 5 , or 6 day trip ? User : 6 Wizard : Ok I have two different hotels . Both are 3 stars one is near a park with a 8.86/10 guest rating . The other is near nothing of note and has a 8.69/10 guest rating . The first hotel offers a September 13th-18th while the second is from the 15th to the 20th . User : The one with 8.86/10 guest rating is better . Do you have anything in San ? Wizard : I have hotels from the 12th to the 19th . Both are 2 , one has 7.15/10 user and the other has 4.74/10 from guests . are near malls while rated from guests is also near a ; the lower guest rated hotel is near a theatre as well . Both include free parking , free wifi , and free with their packages . User : ill go the 3 star hotel in denver . much for the 13th 18th Wizard : With economy class flights , total price be 1134.6USD User : good ill book it Wizard : ! Consider it done slightly_smiling_face User Thnx User : Can you check first ? I 'll be leaving from Curitiba Wizard No worries . Do you a fixed budget ? User : I only got 7300 . Wizard We have a 9 a 3 star hotel costing 4237.73 for business or 3294.57 economy . What do you think User : When is trip ? Wizard : From Saturday September 17th to Sunday September 25th Does this you : That work .. is this the longest trip have ? Wizard : Yes indeed . Shall I proceed with booking ? User : Not so fast .. what amenities does this hotel provide ? Wizard : Free breakfast , and wifi Sounds amazing does n't it User Does sound pretty .. I curious about Paulo though . Can you help me check ? Wizard : We have a 9 day that free breakfast and wifi , costing 556.73 for and 658.91 business . Does this pique your interest ? User : 's a deal ! What kind of hotel is ut ? : It a 3 star hotel , which the most highly rated that we have , with a guest rating of 6.91/10 . There also plenty of for you nearby as the hotel is situated in the heart the city walking distance of a cathedral and a theatre Does n't this sound amazing ? Ready to ? User : This does sound good before I book can you just help me look into ? : Of course ! I can offer you a 14 package for 4853.37 for economy class at hotel that includes free breakfast and wifi . Not a bad deal , User : 's the rating and star level of the hotel ? Is it as as the Sao Paulo one Wizard : Yes it is ! It 's also 3 stars but the guest rating is 7.15/10 . What do you think ? User : And I assume that 's also the highest rated you 've got ? Are there also nice activities nearby ? Wizard : Actually , we also have a 12 day package at the which stars and has a guest rating of 8.86/10 . Business costs 7184.43 whereas economy is priced at 5506.62 And there is also a famous nearby . Does this interest you at ? User : that 's tough choice ... What are the for this ? And for the Sao Paulo ? Wizard : The dates this are Monday September 12 to Friday September 23 . For the Sao Paulo one it 's Tuesday September 13th to Wednesday September 21st . you prefer ? User : dates for the Paulo package works better for me actually ! And I also think I should n't splurge on since I 'm not being paid 'll take the Sao Paulo then ! Business class though ... : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard Consider booked You will be an email within the next 24 . Have a good trip ! User : Great ! Thanks slightly_smiling_face : User : need 2 get 2 Madrid from Beijing ! emergency . Need to leave on 6th Wizard : Madrid to Beijing ? For how ? User : just me . ive got 3300 Wizard : to Madrid ? : yea hurry Wizard : I can help get to Madrid from Beijing User : i can leave from jerusalem too Wizard : I can not help you get to Madrid from either User : Well then i m screwed User I need to go to beijing from Atlanta Wizard : I ’ sorry , I can ’ t offer a flight from Beijing to Atlanta at this time Could you leave from somewhere else ? User : Well good cuz i to go to beijing Atlanta . Wizard : Oh , I ’ m sorry , I misread . However I am still unable to accommodate any involving Beijing . User well take me Barcelona for 12 adults and $ 3100 Wizard : , I not provide a trip for 12 adults at that price . Would you be to increase your budget or reduce the size of your party ? : i can go to Stuttgart for 3500 with 6 adults total Wizard : I can book a week at Hotel Jade Valley in Stuttgart for 6 adults for just under your budget ! Would you prefer to leave from Berlin , Hamburg , or Essen ? : I have to leave from Wizard : Sorry , that is not possible budget . User : I would like to take soon to be wife on a great honeymoon , the best but we can only afford something up to for 6 days . We had going to Punta Cana from where our wedding will take place on , we can leave after that . Wizard : for 2 adults ? User : yeah we dont want a third wheel : There are 2 hotel in Punta Cana that I can offer you - La Estrella del Mar and el Mar . La Estrella del Mar is unrated hotel whereas the Mar is rated 2.5 stars . Both offer 6 day for under your budget . How do you feel about choices ? User What is the guest rating for 2.5 star hotel ? Wizard : User : oh Well that ’ okay . What is hotel like ? Wizard : It 's on the beach . Asides from that I do n't have much information on it . User : do they have wifi or anything : no information provided as to which amenities are included with this . User : okay . there any at the 0 star hotel Wizard : No information provided for the one either User : ’ s okay ’ ve heard only good things about Cuba plus everything is cheap there because everyone get ’ s paid a dollar day . I think we will take the 2.5 star hotel . What are the dates for this package the cost ? Wizard : The dates are from Sept 24th 28th . cost 6 day stay 3708.63USD if you want us to fly you from on business class . User : Is there anything earlier ? Wizard : The unrated hotel La Estrella del Mar is available for 18th User : perfect . since the hotels arent that much different anyway i will book this one How much is this package ? Wizard : There are only economy class seats left this and the total cost of the package is for 2 : Perfect . Sign me up ! Wizard : You are all signed up Have an excellent trip . User : ! You great help ! User : I want to find a vacation between the 7th to 24 for 3100 leaving from Cordoba . Can you help me find something good ? Wizard : I sure can ! Are you willing to go anywhere ? User : Yes anywhere is fine , just to hear some options . Wizard : Ok - first , I have an 18 package in Recife at a 3.5 star hotel with a 8.69/10 guest rating . User : else ? Wizard : is a 17 day package in Paris at 4 star with free breakfast and wifi near a museum , shopping district , and a cathedral . User Better . Are there other places available ? Wizard In Madrid I have a 5 star hotel near a palace , a museum , and a cathedral . The package lasts 16 days and includes breakfast and wifi User : 5 stars ! we 're talkin ! Any other places with 5 stars ? Wizard Not that I see from my list .. User : Okay well is there any information on the 5 hotel in ? Wizard : Yes - the hotel has a 9.16 guest rating and the package spans from September 9th to the 24th . User : That sounds like a pretty good package . What is the cost ? Wizard : economy class 937.60USD . User : good , very affordable . Can you book it for me ? Wizard Sure ! Business class would cost . you want to upgrade User : Yeah of course ! Wizard : Great slightly_smiling_face All ! : Thank very much , i 'm sure I 'll be back again the next time I plan on travelling . User : ! I 'm booking for 20 of us ! Recife is a sweet destination Wizard : Wow , all 20 of you ! Is there a budget in mind ? And where will you all be coming from ? User : Open budget ! We 're based in Tofino . Wizard I 'm afraid we do not have flights that from Tofino . Would you like to choose another city of departure : What ? ? ? : disappointed User I want to to Pittsburgh from please . Wizard : Sure Do you have dates in mind ? User : nope but i only have 2000 Wizard : No problem ! I have 8 , 11 , and 12 days you . Which would you prefer ? : 12 i suppose Wizard : you would be staying at the 2.5 star Majestic Inn from September 12th to has a 6.91/10 guest and situated near a park . Furthermore , complimentary breakfast , wifi access , and parking are included in your package price of $ 990.70 . User : Is there anything with a higher rating for the other packages ? Wizard : Sunny Wolf & Suites has the same rating but a higher rating 8.49/10 . User : Do you have anything in SL ? Wizard : I have 3 star Chateau Inn Suites for 16 days , the 3.5 stay Palacio Tranquila for 14 or 11 days , and the 3 star Glorious Cloak Inn for 11 days all within your budget . User : stars sounds good . is the hotel like Wizard : 3.5 star hotel is 3.5 stars . User Wow . Thanks for stating the most obvious thing ever What does the hotel include ? Wizard The Palacio Tranquila includes free parking free breakfast and free . It is a theatre and offers airport pickup and dropoff services The guest is 9.16 . User I would like to book this one . Can I get business and still stay within my budget ? Wizard : Absolutely ! The total cost would be 1633.0USD . User : Good ! I 'll it then Wizard : - confirmation will be emailed you . : Thanks so much User : I need to fly to Fukuoka from Hiroshima Wizard : how many people ? User : just me if you something for Fukuoka . Wizard : I definitely have packages but can you please tell me your budget ? User : I dont have one : Okay can please provide me with your dates ? : I don ’ t have any in . Wizard : May the Historic Mansion Hotel a 10 day stay ? This is our highest rated hotel in Fukuoka at 3.5 stars and the package includes and wifi . User Sure . Is it near anything ? Does it have a pool ? Wizard : I have no information on it location or on whether it has a spa or not . User : oh ok. That ’ s , ’ s book it anyway , business class style Wizard : I have taken care of the booking for you business class at 800.73USD . you and have happy travels to you . User : Thanks ! to Minneapolis from Calgary ? Wizard : How people is this for and are you on a strict budget User : No budget in mind .. And I 'll be traveling solo ! Although I can only go Sept 8-18 . : Yes , we have one package that lasts 8 days at just a 556.43 for economy class ! Are you interested booking this trip ? User That 's really cheap ! Is it a good hotel ? Wizard : It 's 2.5 stars with a guest rating of 7.15/10 . There a university nearby and it includes free , parking , and wifi . this interest you ? User Is another option ? Wizard : That 's all we have I 'm ! You can only choose between and economy . What will decide ? User : Do n't think I can decide anything until help me see what 's Dallas first . Wizard : I afraid there is nothing to be in Dallas . User : Is there a business option the trip ? Wizard Yes indeed ! costs a grand total of ! Shall I book this trip for User : When does this trip begin ? Wizard You leave on Thursday September 8th and ! proceed with ? User : Alright that works Please proceed with business class ! Wizard : booking has now processed Enjoy your stay : User : Perfect thanks ! ! User : I want go to Barcelona from anywhere between the 12th and the 28th of September . I have 2100 and my assistant will coming along . I am specifically looking for near a park or beach or both . Wizard : I have 2 different hotels in Barcelona but the Nova Resort only one located near park . long would like to stay in Barcelona ? User : I 'm not , i 'm for work . What is the hotel near the park like Wizard : is the downtown close to a park and the university , it has star rating witn an excellent guest rating of 9.16 om 5 and has wifi included along with The for a 10 day is 1453.6USD , but it is also available for 9 days at 1725.59USD a different date . User : Not bad at all . Are there any hotels a park in SL ? Wizard : The only hotel I have in St. Louis is Chateau Inn & Suites , which is not near a but close to the beach . This is a 15 package and you can leave Paz then the price is hmm very tempting . Anything in San Juan Wizard : Yes nothing near a park or beach User : Okay then that is out of the question . I think I will go to Barcelona for 9 day . When does it leave ? Wizard : It leaves Sept 18 from Paris , User When is the return date ? Wizard : The retund date is on Sept 26 User : the price is 1725.59 right ? Wizard : Yes 1725.59USD is the for 2 flying on economy class User : Ok good . We will book one Wizard : I the details and send you confirmation . Have a nice weekend . User : Thank you for the help ! User : Melbourne please : where ? : In Long Beach right now Wizard : I 'm sorry , we do not currently offer any packages that route at this moment . try another destination . User : Okay fine ... I could go to Kingston to see my too Wizard : How long you like to go for ? User : Does n't matter as long as it 's a nice hotel Wizard : We have one 4 star hotel offers 6 and 12 day packages . do you prefer ? User : 4 star is the best you got ? : Correct . User : 6 days only please . Business flights are available right ? Wizard : Yes . Business costs 2533.69 at our 4 star hotel that includes free , breakfast and wifi . Would you like to book ? User : Alright sure let 's get this over with Wizard Perfect Your package has now been reserved . Bon ! User : Thanks ! User : I need to find something in Kyoto between the 17th and 30th Wizard : Sure ! Leaving where ? : Anywhere . I have 6400 , and assistant will be joining me . : I have a lot of available at the Glorious Bazaar resort Kyoto Its 3 stars and near a museum . Breakfast and wifi are both . User : What is the price and the dates of Wizard : That depends on where you leave from . User : What are my options ? Wizard : You can leave from Columbus , Cancun , Cairo , Los Angeles , St. Louis , Athens , Dublin Indianapolis . User Where is the cheapest to leave ? Wizard : Out of the above locations , St. Louis is the with a 13 day package for 4453.91USD . User : Okay . Is the hotel near a park or a beach Wizard : , just a museum . User : that wont work then . Do you have anything in ? Wizard : I sure do ! The Smile Hotel in Busan is rated 3 stars 7.06/10 by guests , is near both a park and a museum . User : That is good , what is the price ? : Leaving from Seattle , the cost for a 13 day stay from September 17-28 would be 5160.6USD with economy class flights . User : okay . you have anything to near a but with a lower price than the Busan package ? Wizard : I can likely find you a lower price to Busan if you suggest a different departure city . User : I don ’ t care where I depart from Wizard : Well if you from Nagoya instead Seattle you can have the same package as above for 973.74USD in . User : Okay that would great ! Can still check Santos for me Wizard : Sure . I have numerous availabilities at Hotel a star hotel with 8.37/10 from users and free breakfast and wifi . The hotel is located in close proximity to a district . User : is it a park or ? : It is near a shopping district . User : okay so near park beach then ? Wizard : is near a shopping district . User : you are being unhelpful just answer yes or no , is it near a park beach ? Wizard : It is near a district . User : sure hope I want to to Santo Domingo ! Wizard : You and who else ? User : No one else ! Wizard : Where from ? User : I could leave from Ciudad Juarez I afraid there are no trips from Ciudad Juarez Domingo it be possible for you leave from somewhere else ? User : yeah I leave from Kochi . Wizard : Unfortunately there are no flights from Kochi either . Is there another city of departure that you would like to suggest ? User : How about let 's try going to Busan then From Ciudad Juarez is ? Wizard Yes , do you need to adhere to a time frame User : I hope travel between Sept 8-17 . But 'm willing to make it flexible to find a food trip . Wizard : We have one beautiful package for you from Ciudad Juarez to Busan that is 6 days long . The would be at 3 star hotel that includes free parking , , and wifi . Does this interest you ? User : Can ask you whether 's possible to find a better hotel if I depart from Kochi ? Wizard Same hotel I 'm afraid . : Are there longer trips then ? Wizard : From Ciudad Juarez or Kochi : Either , which one offers the longer stay in Busan ? Wizard : Ciudad , for 6 days . User : Would the hotel be close to any points of interest by any chance ? Wizard : Yes , plenty . A park , a museum , and a university . Would you be interested booking ? User : Alright you convinced me . Please tell me business flights available though Wizard Why of course ! It costs 4421.61 in total , on Monday September 12th and returning on Friday September 16th . Shall I proceed with booking ? User : Can you actually book it for 2 ? Wizard For 2 it would cost a total of 8843.23 for business class . Shall I proceed with booking ? User : Yup go ahead ! Wizard : Your booking is now complete . Please an email the next few . Thank you for stopping by . User : for everything ! User Me and friends are going on fall and want to go to San Diego from Calgary from the 8th to 25th and we have 14000 between us . Wizard : Do you want the longest available ? User : sure as long as it 's dates Wizard : Majestic Mountain Inn has a 10 stay for 4 people at 2652.73USD which includes breakfast , wifi . It is located near a park has a rating of 2.5 stars . User : What are the dates for it ? Wizard : September 12 to September 21 User good . Do you have any other hotels available in Diego with a rating ? Wizard : I have the Spare Time at 3 stars guest rating of 8.86/10 . but the stay is only for 8 days User Is there better than 3 stars in Cordoba ? Wizard : In Cordoba , the Everland has a 5 star rating , is available within your dates and also sits your The package price of 8962.51USD will cover your 9 day stay for 4 of you . User : That 's perfect ! Is it near anything like a university or park or mall or something ? Wizard Near the museum . User : We will book this one Wizard : Thank you for your booking . User : you for help ! User : I have 7 days vacation Wizard : Great User : I want a vacation starting on or after the 20th Sao Can you give me some destinations that are available from Sao Paulo ? I dont have a budget i will spend whatever is needed to have vacation possible . Find me the best hotel possible Wizard Sure ! I have a star hotel , two 3 stars in Kyoto , 3.5 in Fukuoka , or another 3 star in Porto . Any of these your fancy User : the 3.5 in Fukuoka , can you tell me more about it ? Wizard : Absolutely ! The Oceanside Hotel located in the heart of the city and offers free wifi access to guests . The guest is 8.22/10 the package I have mentioned extends from the 22nd of September to the 9th of October . User : How many days is the package ? Wizard : 19 User : I only have 7 days for vacation tho Wizard : I have 7 day packages available Cordoba , Paris , and Hamburg . User : you tell me the Cordoba package please ? Wizard : Absolutely ! The Everland is a 5 star hotel near a museum . It provides complimentary breakfast and wifi and boasts a 8.98/10 previous guests . seven package departs Sao Paulo on September 28th and the 4th of October User That sounds like an amazing package . I don ’ t even need to about the other . Book it for me Wizard : Ok , you ’ ve got it ! The price for flights will be 1731.4USD . Is this ok ? User : you have business ? Wizard : Of course ! That would bring your total to 2203.76USD . User : I ll book that one Wizard : great , consider it done : smile : User : Thanks ! User : Next stop is San Jose ! Can get me there ? Wizard : Sure thing ! Where from ? User : Current stop is Manaus . Wizard : How long do you plan to go away for ? User give me your best . Wizard : The best hotel we have is the Tranquil Seaside Inn , rated at 4 stars with a 8.8/10 guest rating Our package is 9 days long and offer both business and economy class flights . Does you User : Is any stuff around ? Wizard : Yes indeed ! There is a beach a museum nearby ! Still interested ? User : Sign me up . In business class of course Wizard : Not a problem ! Your reservation has now been made . User : Thanks ! ! User : I would like to take my fam jam on a vacation to from Tijuana . Wizard : Ok How many of you are travelling ? User : 2 adults 5 children Wizard : Great ! I have different hotels available in that case . One 2.5 stars and near a park , while other is 3 star and near a shopping district . Do you have a date range for travel ? User : the 3 star hotel sounds my girls love to shop . between the 11th and 29th Wizard : Of course , ’ s the Resort Jade Covert The longest package I could offer you there would 10 days from September 18th-27th . The hotel also has a 7.15/10 guest rating and includes free parking , free wifi , and complimentary breakfast . Would you like to know the for this package ? User : Yes please it sounds like a great package ! : Sure ! total economy class flights would be 4388.41 . User : Cool ! Can you check out Ciudad Juarez for me next Wizard : Sure ! The longest package have in Ciudad Juarez is 11 days at the 3.5 star Hotel Holiday . Its guest rating is 8.8/10 it is situated a palace . It also includes all the same amenities Resort Jade Covert . User Yeah I think we will just go straight for Ciudad Juarez ! What is the price for that package ? Wizard 4695.82USD if choose to fly economy . 5664.38USD for business class . User : Well since we have 4700 will take economy . Wizard Great ! I ’ ll confirm booking via email . Enjoy your trip slightly_smiling_face : User : Thank you ! User : I need to find a vacation between the 12 of september and 2nd of for under 6500 , leaving from Wizard : and heading to ? : anywhere Wizard : For how many travelers ? User : just me Wizard : have 19 days available at the Sunset Baron , rated 3.5 stars which provides breakfast , parking wifi at no charge . User : kk what are the date Wizard Sept 14 to oct 2nd : That 's perfect ! the near anything in particular ? Wizard : It is close to airport and far from the and shopping : Perfect ! convenient ! Book it for me please : slightly_smiling_face : Wizard : I will book the package at 2799.45USD . Thank you and enjoy the weekend . User : Thanks ! User : Hi there what is the hotel in ? Wizard : You alone ? User : Wizard : are you coming from ? User : San Juan is where I reside . Wizard : How long would you like to go to Toronto for ? User : long as the 1800 dollars in my wallet can take me . Wizard then you 're in luck ! Because can get you the 8 day package the 4 star Hotel Eric Perrier , costing total of 1668.81 for business class ! How does that ? User : Nice ! Is that the best hotel in Toronto Wizard : Yes is the best . What do you think ? User : Can I get a longer package if I for economy flights ? Wizard : You can a longer package if you opt worse . 's up to you . User : Okay no it 's got be the best hotel . When does this trip depart ? Wizard : It leaves September and returns September 27th . Does this entice you ? User : Could get a longer stay or a hotel with an additional $ 1000 ? Wizard : No . User : Okay at I tried ! I take the offer ! Wizard : The 8 day with the 4 star hotel And business class ? User : Sure ... might see some celebrities in business wink : Wizard : Excellent choice . Your package has now been booked . Details be sent to you shortly . User : Fantastic ! ! Wizard : You 're . : I heard Madonna was in Aviv , can you get me there from ? : not User Oh Okay well i 'll look somewhere else . Thanks anyway . User : Get the 17 of us out of for a few ! The majority of us want to go to so let 's see deals for those ! Wizard : I 'm afraid we have no flights operating out of Tofino . Would like to leave from somewhere else Ah : disappointed : We 're based in Tofino User : I want a vacation from Sydney to Washington Wizard : You now on with an agent User I 2200 Wizard We do not have packages from Sydney to Washington User : How about Sydney to Houston ? Wizard : I am sorry neither ' User I can increase my budget by 400 Wizard : Even if you increase your budget , are simply no flights available User : need to to Burlington from Ulsan for 5800 Wizard : the 19th-28th of September ok ? User : Yes i can there anytime 12 of sept and 2nd of oct. Wizard : Great ! For the dates I provided , have an 11 day stay at the Escape Cave . This luxurious hotel is near districts and malls as well as urban green spaces . Free parking is included should you need it and all guests unlimited access to the hotel ’ s wireless internet . The guest rating is 8.8/10 . User want that . When is this trip and what is price ? Wizard : The trips departs for Burlington on September 19th and returns to Ulsan on the 28th . For an economy class , the price is 2691 . User : What is it for business class ? Wizard : 3477.8USD User : ’ ll take business Wizard : Great ! I will send along a confirmation email straight away . Enjoy your stay : User : Thanks User : Barcelona is calling me . Please show me the way there from Belo . Wizard : How much are you willing to spend ? User : Money is just number . It does n't really matter to me . Wizard : Is it just you ? User : Well ... I actually booking for a colleague in the end .... but yes it 'll just be one adult . Wizard : How for ? : I 'm free Sept 17-30 Wizard : I can recommend a 13 day trip that cost you 3333.60 for business class , how does that sound ? User : What is the hotel like ? Wizard : It 's a 3 star hotel with a 9.16/10 guest and parking included . It 's also in the heart of the city and it be near a park and a . Does that not sound appealing User : you have a higher level hotel in Barcelona ? Wizard : I 'm afraid 3 star hotels the best we can do at the moment . you like explore other options User : Yes ... San Antonio also sounds nice Wizard : 'm afraid we do not have any San Antonio packages that work there other options that you would like to explore ? User : I could also leave from Mannheim ! Wizard : Would you like me to search from Mannheim to San Antonio ? User : Yes please ! Wizard : 'm sorry . do n't have any such packages that work . Would you like to explore other options ? User : Could you check if you can find better package in Barcelona than the if I depart from Mannheim ? Wizard : We have only 3 star hotels in Barcelona matter you leave from . User : will take the 13 day trip ! Wizard : Business or economy ? User : Hmmm I want to go for business . Wizard : Consider it done ! User Gracias ! User : Recife to Pittsburgh for 4 adults . Only 5 star hotels Wizard : I only have 2.5 star rated hotels in Pittsburgh User : Check Wizard : In Fukuoka , my search only turns up 3.5 star rated hotels User : Vancouver ? Wizard : I do n't have any 5 star rated hotels there but I do have Western Ridge with a rating of 4 and a perfect guest of 10/10 . User : yeah but the hotel is n't 5 stars should try harder to find me a 5 star hotel , it 's my birthday ! Wizard : Unfortunately , we do not have any 5 star rated hotels available any of those cities at this time User : I would to go to Rosario from St. Petersburg I have 4600 . I can go anytime for however long . Wizard : Sure thing ! I have two hotels your - a 2 star with an 18 package and a 4 star with a 12 day package . User : Do you have anything better in Santiago ? Wizard : I have one 3 star available for 12 days . User : what if leave from SL instead , anything better ? Wizard The only thing that changes if you leave from St. Louis would be your length of stay to 16 days . : I notice there was a 4 in Rosario from Petersburg . Can you tell me more about one The four star Opportunity Suites boasts a 8.86/10 guest rating , is located near shopping , and provides both breakfast and wifi charge . can book at facility and leave from St. Petersburg on September 18th for a cost of 3047.40USD . User : . anyway , i ’ ll take Wizard : thing ! Shall I book ? User yeah Wizard : Enjoy your stay : Oh wait ! I forgot to , is this economy or business ? Wizard : Economy . Business is outside your budget . User : Oh . well okay , economy is fine . Is it booked ? Wizard : Indeed it is , you should receive a confirmation email . User : Fukuoka to Belo Horizonte . 6000 . to . : I regret to inform you that we do not fly from Fukuoka to Belo Horizonte User : Houston to Milan for : At this time , we do not any travel packages Houston User : Houston to Wizard : Do you have budget restrictions for this trip ? User : HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH NO ! : The best I have San Juan then is a day stay at the 4 STAR Fairyland close to the museum , shopping market . This package includes wifi too . Do you want the price for business class flights ? User : no Do you anything with 5 stars in Manaus : In Manaus , I 3 star hotels only User : Are there 5 star hotels Kyoto ? Wizard : Not that I can see from an initial search . Perhaps if you give me a budget , dates , number of travellers , or some information I can take a closer look . User : Well we leave anytime . to back in San Antonio by the 15th though 'll be the of us Wizard : Unfortunately I ’ m only seeing 3 star hotels User : What about Guadalajara ? I could also leave from Brasilia too if that changes Wizard : In Guadalajara I have a 3 star hotel with a guest rating . This is thing I can find to a 5 star hotel . User : Okay : star : aint gon work Wizard : Sorry I ’ t help ! User : No worries thanks User : Hi ! I have 9 days of vacation time . Can you find me travel or September 20th from Ciudad Juarez ? Wizard : Sure , I can help you with ! Do you have a set of money to spend on this trip User : Nope , can spend however much I need to Wizard : I have a 5 hotel available in Sacramento for 9 days . Is this something that would interest you ? User : yes ! Can you more about the hotel ? Wizard : of course . The Bronze Luxury Hotel in Sacramento is from September 26 to October th . This 5 star hotel is located near museum and has a perfect 10/10 guest . Your 9 day package includes free breakfast and free wifi . You have option of a business class package at a total cost of 1924.44USD . User : Okay Are any other packages available ? Wizard : My next highest rating is 3 star hotel in Boston with a 8.37/10 guest . , also available for 9 days Does this package interest you ? User : maybe . Where are all the other packages for ? Wizard : I also in Kingston Canada or Detroit User : I think sounds the best then . I would like to book this package . Wizard : I will that all booked up for you and you confirmation . Happy travels ! User : Thanks ! User : Hi ! We 're thinking of going Washington . Will try to get all 19 of us to go if that 's possible ! Wizard : Departing from where ? User : Beautiful Jerusalem Wizard : Unfortunately , we do not service Jerusalem at this time . Perhaps another of departure is available to you ? User : I guess I 'll have to elsewhere Wizard : Sorry ! User : I want to go to Kabul from Baltimore Wizard : I 'm afraid do have any flights from to . Would you like to to another city ? User : London ? Wizard : I 'm afraid we do not have any flights from Baltimore London Would you like to go another city ? User : Toluca ? Wizard : I 'm afraid we do not have from Baltimore to Toluca . Would like to go to another city User : Fortaleza ? Wizard : Yes , we have packages for that long you like to go and what is budget User : 4100 . Wizard : And is this flight for one ? User : ya Wizard : How long would you to go for ? We have 8 , 12 13 day packages User : 13 Wizard Excellent choice . Would you like me to book it straight away ? User : actually . I cant anything I dont any vacation days left User : Get me to Atlanta ! Wizard Ok ! From where ? User : Kochi ! I to bring it back to Kochi ! : I have a lovely package the Crown Plaza Hotel leaving tomorrow , how does that sound ? User : Will it be able to fit lawyers and 3 mini-chefs too ? Wizard : , I do not understand . How many adults ? User : That would be 6 adults total including me . And 3 kids yo Wizard : Ah , well yes it would be available your entire party ! The cost would 26719.14USD User : Man I was on spending much more than that to get a really package ... since of so high-class and picky you know Wizard : There are only two hotels , both are 3 stars , and the one I have suggested to you has the higher guest rating User : Ugh fine . Is it near anything of interest . Oh also ! Does it have wifi for the kids to play games ? Wizard : Yes , it has free wifi . User : You said leaves tomorrow right ? Wizard : That ’ s right ! And returns September 26th . Does work for ? User : Alright book for us please Wizard : Ok , I will go ahead book . Enjoy stay ! User : Thanks ! Very excited ! User : I to get out Kabul on September 6th . Can you me to Leon for 3200 Wizard : We do not any that leave Kabul . Would you like to leave from somewhere else ? User : Calgary : Will be the one travelling ? And is there number of days you would like to spend in Leon ? : Yeah just me . It doesnt matter how long I stay but the longer . Wizard : We have a great for you at a 5 star hotel for 12 days . It costs for economy class and for business . Are interested ? User : Yes ! Put for business and book it ! : Your package has now booked . You will soon receive an email confirming your purchase of package . Have a day . User : Thanks ! User : Please get me back to Manaus asap ! ! Wizard : Ok Where are you leaving from ? User : Currently in Osaka actually Wizard : Great ! When would you like to leave ? User : ASAP ! ! ! Wizard : I have Hotel Aquamarine River available September 14th until the 22nd if this you User : Oh I forgot to I only have bucks to spend will this work ? Wizard Actually package is right within your budget at a price of . User Okay great Before I book anything , can you check if there are any trips earlier if I go from Stuttgart ? : Stuttgart Manaus the soonest departure I have is also September 14th . User : Alright I 'll still from Osaka ! Please finalize this deal for me ! Wizard : Sure thing ! You will Osaka at 9 AM September 14th User : Awesome Thanks much ! User : I want to go to with my girlz . Wizard : For how many people and your city of departure User : 7 And Seattle Wizard : Where will you depart from ? User : Seattle Wizard : Are you looking for anything in particular hotel wise ? Highest rated ? Location ? User : 5 stars for sure . We want the best . Wizard In Guadalajara our highest rated hotel is a star . Would you like more information on it ? User : No I need 5 stars . Check Kobe : We n't have a 5 property in but we have a 4.5 star a guest rating of 8.69/10 . Interested in this ? User : Sure , tell me about it . : The Ivory Legacy Hotel has a 10 business package available , including free wifi for 30399.62USD , with a departure of Sept 23rd User : Anything in ? : In Ulsan I have TWO 5 star hotels The Sapphire Time available on a 13 day stay and Escape Cave , also on a 13 day stay . Both have excellent guest and include free parking and free wifi . The Escape Cave has an earlier departure on Sept 19 for it 's 13 day stay The Sapphire Time a departure date of Sept 21 User : Which hotel has a higher guest rating ? Wizard : The Sapphire has a 8.98/10 guest rating . The Escape Cave has a 8.8/10 . : Do one of the hotels have a spa ? Wizard : Neither . They are both well located with The Time near the , and theatre and the Escape Cave near the , shopping . User : Well we really love to shop other hotel better guest rating . I think we will just go to the Escape Cave anyway . Book it , business class . Wizard : That will be a total of 31138.96USD for 7 people on business class flights . Enjoy your stay at The Escape Cave in Ulsan ! User : Thanks User : to get home or after September 8th ! Wizard : Where you going and where will you be coming from ? User I need to to Belem Stuttgart ! Wizard : Will you be going on your own ? And do you have a budget in mind User and I have 4000 Wizard : How long would you like to go for ? User : as long as I can , its a family emergency Wizard : Not a problem . We have a 10 day package at the 4.5 Zion Hotel , only 1989.62 for economy class and 2553.44 for business . Is this something that interests you ? User : yes ! Please book me the package ! Wizard : is now booked . Enjoy your . User : Thank you User : We must go to Atlanta ! Wizard : Ok , sure thing ! Where from ? User : San Juan . Wizard : And how of you will be travelling ? User : 7 full size and 3 mini size Wizard : Ok ! I a few different hotels available . 12-25 , 13-26 14-October 3rd or 17- 3 User : you show me the best packages you 've got ? Although keep it under 21100 please . Wizard : The highest rated hotel would be from September 14th-October 3rd a 3.5 star near a park and beach . This has both free wifi and free breakfast . User And how did previous guests like it ? Wizard : It is unrated by guests . User : How 's the other hotel ? Wizard There are two other hotels - both are 3 stars , one with a 7.15/10 from users and the other with 8.37/10 . User : Can you tell me more about the 8.37/10 one ? : Absolutely - that ’ s the Crown Hotel . It has free parking and free wifi . User : Will any other packages show up if I increase my budget by 1500 Wizard : Everything is already far below your budget . : You know what , I will the 3.5 star then . Are business flights ? Wizard : They are ! The total price would be 11457.68USD . User : Okay let 's book it ! Wizard : Wonderful - I will email booking confirmation to you shortly . Enjoy stay ! User : Thanks User : I need to get to Fortaleza from Paris . We will be 2 adults and 7 children Wizard : you have a budget in ? User : 19500 Wizard : We have a 13 that costs for economy . Does this interest you ? : Possibly . What is the hotel like ? It 's a 3 star hotel with a guest rating of 9.32/10 and it includes parking , breakfast , and wifi . Would you to book ? User : yes that perfect . you book this for me ? Wizard : Most certainly . Your package has now been booked . Expect email with details concerning package . User : THANK YOU ! User Got ta to Hamburg . In Puebla now Wizard : Sure ! From where ? User : Dates and budget do n't matter just me something Wizard : Ok. Travelling alone User : Yup : The longest package I have would be a day package that leaves tomorrow The hotel is Glacier which 4.5 star rating and 9.16/10 guest rating . User : Is that also the highest star-rated you 've got ? Wizard : From what I can see , that is the rated hotel Hamburg . User : Where is this hotel ? Wizard : Near the airport . : Got any Wizard : Free parking and free wifi . User Can get me into business class ? Wizard : Would you like me to book User : Only if you ca get me into biz Wizard : Of course ! The total price would be 4216.92USD . User : Sounds good to Wizard : Consider it booked : slightly_smiling_face : User : Thx ! User : I NEED TO GET TO SAN ANTONIO FROM TAMPA Wizard : I can help you with that . When would you like to depart User : September 26 Wizard : I have a package available in Tampa on Sept 26th for 1003.41USD at a hotel located near the park , museum , beach and airport . Would you like to book it ? User NO I NEED TO LEAVE FROM TAMPA Wizard : Tampa destination San Antonio , I have a departure on Sept 27 a hotel near a park , mall and . Yous stay be for 13 days and the total cost would be 687.22USD : OKAY . WHAT IS THE HOTEL LIKE ? Wizard : It a 2 star hotel with a 4.74/10 rating & includes free parking , wifi and a style breakfast . User : . YOU HAVE ANYTHING IN ATLANTA ? Wizard : The to Atlanta would be on Sept 30 . Would that work for you User : YA Wizard : That package is at the Covert Club a 3.5 star hotel located on the beach and close to the . Wifi and parking are included in the price of 235.4USD User : I WANT BOOK THE OTHER PACKAGE ! MUST FIND MEWTWO ! Wizard : total price for one adult at the Winter Hill Inn in San will be 687.22USD and will include use of wifi , parking and your breakfast . Should I proceed with booking ? User : THERES 7 OF US : For 7 of you the revised price will be 4810.59USD on your 13 day stay at Winter Hill Inn . Do you to book it ? User : yeah Lets book it Wizard : Your travel package has been booked . Enjoy your trip User : thanks User : Hey bot . I got the money there is in the world Find me the best okay ? Wizard : Where would you like to go where are leaving from ? User : Lima should some good stuff . My bestie and I are Petersburg right now Oh yeah we also need to be back by the 25th keep that in mind Wizard : ! I have a lovely 4 star hotel with a 8.98/10 user . package departs Sept 15th and returns 25th . User : 4 star ? That 's the best you have ? Wizard : , that is the hotel I can in Lima . User : Find me a 5 star in Punta Wizard : I have a lovely 3.5 star hotel near a palace and cathedral in Punta Cana ! User : can leave from Curitiba , Can you find any better hotels in Lima in this case ? Wizard : I have a 3.5 star in Lima with a higher guest rating : 9.16/10 . Does this interest you ? User : No . I 'd rather have 4 star . Is the 4 star close to the beach at ? Wizard Ok. Do want me to the original 4 package from St. Petersburg to Lima ? User : let 's do that with business seats Wizard : Ok ! The total cost for adults will be 3576.87USD . I will book this package and email confirmation shortly . User : Okay thanks ! : I NEED TO OUT OF NORTH VANCOUVER SEPTEMBER 8TH CAN I GET A FLIGHT TO DUBLIN Wizard Why yes of course ! We have a 13 package costing 1181.12 for economy class leaving North Vancouver on September . How does that sound ? User : NO I NEED LEAVE ON THE 8TH . Wizard : The earliest flight we have is September 11th . User : NO I NEED TO LEAVE THE 8TH . DO HAVE ANYTHING FROM CLEVELAND Wizard : Again our flight is still September 11th . Would you like to leave another city ? User : NO BUT I CAN GO TO SACRAMENTO Wizard : I 'm sorry , our earliest flight is still September 11th . How else can I help you ? User : want get to from Wizard : Great trip destination . Is there a certain amount of money you would to spend on this trip ? And will be going on your own or with others ? User : 1 and 4 adults for 3300 Wizard : We have a day package and an 11 day package , which would interest you more User : 13 Wizard : Our 13 package includes an excellent 5 star hotel that provides free breakfast and wifi , costing a grand total 3130.90 . Would you like to book User : yes ! : Consider it booked ! Enjoy vacation : slightly_smiling_face : User : Thanks ! User : Hey there 17 of us wants get out of Tel Aviv for a sweet trip . Wizard : I ’ m sorry , we do not currently offer trips of Tel Aviv . I can pay as much as ! : I ’ m sorry -We do not have operations involving Tel Aviv . User : I have 8 days vacation Wizard : Great , where would you to go and where will you be coming ? User from frankfurt and i dont where i wan na go but i want to leave on or after the 18th Wizard Nice ! Is there a maximum amount that you like to spend ? User : no . Wizard : How many would you to go for ? User : Wizard : For 8 days you can go to Rio Janeiro , Brazil for 3384.75 which includes free , and wifi . Does this interest you ? User : Yes that sounds pretty good Can tell me more ? Wizard : It 's a 2.5 star hotel a park and a shopping mall nearby . User : Ok. Do have any better hotels ? Wizard Not for de Janeiro , . However I have a 4 star hotel for a trip to Queenstown South Africa that lasts 7 days . Would you be interested ? User : yeah tell me more Wizard : It costs 1112.58 for economy and 1327.80 for business . Free parking , breakfast , and wifi are also included . Would you like to book User : Sure ! This one seems to be more what I ’ m looking . Is the near anything ? Wizard : A famous museum . Would you like to book business or economy ? : business for sure Wizard : Consider it booked ! Have great trip : slightly_smiling_face User : Thanks so User : I like to go to Washington . : Sure thing : slightly_smiling_face : Where would you to leave from ? User : Naples Wizard : Sorry but do not offer trips straight from Naples Washington . Is there another destination would consider ? User : I also had Sao Paulo in my mind .. Wizard : Ok ! I have two available : a 2 star and a 3 star - both with guest ratings . User : The 3 star would be great if it 's under my budget of 5600 .. Wizard : It sure is ! You could fly business class for 2893.46USD total . User : Great let 's book it ! Wizard : : slightly_smiling_face : User : Thanks ! User : I like to find a great package from Birmingham to Porto for 6 days . Wizard : We have no travel packages available Birmingham to Porto Alegre User How about to Naples instead Wizard : : I want to go to Leon Nagoya between the 13th and october 2nd . Wizard : Are you travelling with a budget ? User : no Wizard I have a 5 hotel available for you from September 20th-29th for only 2976.60USD . How does this User : That sounds amazing . Before up my mind can you check a few other for ? was thinking about Boston . : Of course ! In Boston I have 2.5 star hotels and one 3 star hotel available . User : Tell me more about the 3 star hotel . Wizard It has user rating , is a park , and provides free breakfast , wifi , and parking . User : bad . Can you check packages to Sapporo ? Wizard : In Sapporo have one hotel available with 8 or 12 day packages . It is 3 stars , unrated by users , and is a park and a museum . : Tell me more Wizard : It has free wifi , , and breakfast . User : Great ! One more i 'd to know about Hamburg . Wizard : In Hamburg I have 4.5 , and 4 star hotels . : can I hear about the 4.5 star Wizard : That would be the Glacier : it is near the airport with a 9.16 user rating . hotel free parking wifi . User : sounds ideal . Can you tell me more about the 5 star Leon package ? Wizard : The hotel is near a market has wifi . User : What is the guest rating ? Wizard : 9.16/10 User : Great ! would like book this package then : Ok Economy or business class seats ? User : Business : Okie doke - that ’ ll be 3837.41USD . User : Awesome ! book it ! Wizard : It 's booked ! Thanks working us ! User : thank you ! User : Hi Wizard ! I 'm looking for trip from Rosario . Wizard Any special destinations in mind ? User : Can you help me check Vancouver ? Wizard : I have packages between Sept 12 September 30 and September 20 Oct 2 . User : Queenstown also pretty nice Wizard : have a 14 day package available in Queenstown during your time . This is at 4 star hotel with a 8.22/10 guest rating . you like more on it ? : Yes please ! This sounds interesting ! Wizard : The Emerald Mountain Hotel is a 4 star hotel located near the museum . Their includes flights and hotel for days with access to free wifi , parking and . This package departs on Sept 18 and returns on 30th . User : That 's not too shabby ! Are comparable in ? Wizard : There is a 12 day package in Manaus at 3.5 star hotel with a 8.22/10 guest rating . This package also includes to free wifi and breakfast . User : How about Toronto ? Wizard : have no packages from to Toronto within your parameters . As Vancouver , you would have to return on Oct 2nd . User : Can you me whether Manaus hotel close to any points interest then ? : Close to park and the market : What 's the price difference between the Queenstown and Manaus packages ? : The 14 day package in Queenstown is 4454.78USD based on an economy class fare and the 12 package to Manaus is 1130.59USD based on an economy class fare . User : Wow Manaus is a nice deal ... how much would business flights cost ? : 1377.36USD based on a business class flight User : You know what I think will take this one . Can you book it for me ? Wizard : Of course ! Thank you for booking and travels . User : Thanks for your help ! User : want to Jerusalem or after September 6th Wizard : I 'm we do not have any flights operating of Jerusalem . Would you to leave from somewhere else ? User : I can leave from Tel aviv and I want to go to San Jose with 7 adults for 2500 Wizard : I 'm we do not operate flights out of Tel Aviv either . Would you like leave from else User : I am leaving Marseille and want to bring my friends with me to Hamburg for my birthday bash Wizard : I can help you with that How many of you are there ? User : 8 altogether Wizard : ! I have a 13 day stay at a 4.5 star hotel , or 8 days a 3 star or star . User : I think 13 days at a the best . Tell me about it ! Wizard : Well , its a hotel near the airport with parking and wifi . Guests have given it a 9.16/10 rating . User : Thats good but think i 'd like look at Mexico City Wizard : I have two different in Mexico City - both are 3 stars . User : I 'm gon na need 5 star options . Anything in Essen Wizard : I have 2 or 3 star hotels in Essen . : Ugh 's frustrating . Well I think we will have to book 4.5 star hotel Hamburg then It 's close to 5 stars . Yeah just book that then . Business class Wizard : Ok , I will do that . Business class flights ? User : yeah Wizard : 6540.39USD User : kk thanks User : I want to go to Burlington from Wizard : Do you have a in mind and will you be going alone ? User : I will be going alone and I have Wizard : You can go for 11 days for 2722.53 with economy . This includes free breakfast and wifi . Would you like book ? User : When is this trip ? Wizard : From Sunday September 17th to Monday September 26th . Want to book ? User : Do you have anything between the 10th and 20th ? Wizard Yes , we have a day those dates costing 2337.54 for Are you ? User : Maybe . Can give me more info on the hotel ? : It 's a 3 star hotel that is near a park and includes free wifi . Still interested ? User : Yeah I think I would like to book . How much for business class ? Wizard : It would be 3006.32 . User : Business Wizard : It 's been booked . Enjoy your trip . User : Thank you ! User : want to find a vacation between the and 17th for 4 adults and 1 child . We would need to leave from Rio de Janeiro Wizard : Hello ! How may help you today ? User : We also have 3100 Wizard We have 4 day packages in both leaving from September to September . The more one costs 2834.90 . Would you like to book it ? User : you give me a of places first ? Wizard That all have within dates and budget . User : Oh okay . Well then I guess we will book this one . Can you give me information the hotel ? Wizard It 's a hotel includes free parking breakfast and wifi . Would you like to confirm your booking ? User : Is it near interesting ? Wizard : There 's a park and some great shopping areas in the vicinity User : Great ! Yes can I book business class with my budget ? : we have economy class for this package . User : Yeah thats Wizard : Consider it booked ! a great trip ! User : Thanks ! User : Hey hey ! So spring break is Sept - Oct 3 . Wizard : I can check for spring break packages for you . Do you have certain places you would like me to check for you ? User Curitiba is of the hot destinations of this year . It 'd be awesome if we can go there ! Wizard : Where would you be leaving from ? User : study in Atlanta . Wizard : And how many will you be ? User : Myself and my 6 best friends ! Wizard : Do you have a for this trip ? User : Together we have 17900 Wizard : Then the Dual Basin Residence is within your budget at 16097.25USD . It is located on the beach shopping , market and the mall and includes breakfast for your whole party every morning with wifi parking . User How 's the ratings of this hotel ? Wizard : It is a 3 star with a 8.22/10 guest rating . User : Actually we were also think of Dublin ... wondering if there 's better available there ? Wizard : In Dublin , I have a 6 day available at a 2 star rated hotel in the heart of the city and close to the park , university and mall This stays also includes wifi , parking and breakfast for your whole party . : Okay we would definitely prefer Curitiba then We 'll take it : slightly_smiling_face : Curitiba it is . will book that for you right . Happy spring break ! User : Thx ! ! : heart User : I need to get to Osaka from Dallas so I can find Mewtwo , he 's the last one need to find and I heard he was spotted in Osaka . Wizard : I have an 11 day at the 4 star Aquamarine Majesty Hotel from September 1 . User : Those dates are great for my schedule . Can you tell me more about hotel tho ? : Great ! hotel is near a and a museum , it has free parking and free wifi , and it has a 8.69/10 guest rating . User : good good . I also heard Mewtwo was spotted somewhere in Phoenix . Can you check there for me too ? Wizard : In I have two different 2.5 star hotels . User : Okay what are they close to ? Wizard : The Prism is near a museum and . User : What is the other close to ? Wizard : I do have information on points of interest for Valley hotel User : What are the hotels guest ratings ? Wizard : 7.06 8.69 , respectively . User : Okay well I like the hotel that is close to the museum and airport anyway . Can you tell me more it ? Wizard : It has free breakfast , parking , and wifi . User : like the first package you told me about Osaka . I would like to book it please . Wizard Ok , sure thing ! For one adult Economy class or ? : adults and how is business ? Wizard : Two adults in business class would cost 10254.20USD . User Okay book it ! Wizard : Great - I will proceed with booking . your stay ! User : Thanks ! User : I want to go Cancun from Dallas Wizard : Okay , will you be going on your own ? And will you have a budget : I am going alone and budget is unlimited , but I would like travel between 17th and 30th Wizard : We have one package suits your needs . It 's 9 days long at a wonderful 4 star hotel that includes free parking , breakfast and , coming to total of for economy and 1052.86 for business Does n't that sound amazing ? User : What are the dates for the 9 day package ? Wizard : September 20th September Would you to book User : ! Wizard Your amazing package deal has now been booked ! An email with all the details will be with you shortly ! User : Thanks ! User : , never done before , but I 'll give it a ! I finally have some time off work and I want to if you can me vacation ! Wizard : OK : slightly_smiling_face : I ’ d love to help you . Where are you located and where would you like to go ? User : am Tijuana , send me anywhere nice ! Wizard Sure ! How many days would like to travel User : 12 . I can leave September 18th or shortly thereafter : grinning : And have you got a budget ? User : Nah , I will take what appeals to me the most Wizard Ok ! I 12 day trips available in Barcelona , Belem , Dallas , and Minneapolis Do any of these destinations you User : Dallas sounds like fun , whatcha got there ? Wizard : ’ m sorry - I had an error in my search . I actually have 10 day packages in Dallas , that is longest . would stay at a 2.5 star hotel in the heart of the city near a . User : Nothing on beach ? Wizard : Sorry , unfortunately not . User : Okay tell me what you have in Barcelona please Wizard : In Barcelona I have a 10 day stay with a star rating and 8.86/10 guest review rating . User : What 's it close to ? : A museum . User : Out of all destinations that gave me , do any of them have a hotel on the beach ? Wizard : I have an 11 package Belem at a star hotel a beach and airport . User : THAT one sounds good . What else comes the package ? Wizard : Free parking , complimentary breakfast , and unlimited wireless internet access are all included in the package User : When would and return ? Wizard : September 27th would be your departure and you would return to Tijuana on the 6th of October . User : No to this hotel before the 27th ? ! ? Wizard : I have an 8 package to this hotel leaving on September 26th if you prefer . User : How much would that cost me Wizard : 3839.49USD for a business class ticket User : How about economy ? Business is a waste of money ! Wizard : If choose to fly economy class , the cost would be 3001.10USD . User : That sound pretty good for days ! Can I book one please ? Wizard : That is an 8 day trip . : Oh yeah ... how is the 12 day package that leaves next day ? Wizard : An 11 day stay at this hotel would cost 2267.62USD if fly class . User this one is CHEAPER than the 8 day package though it is at the same hotel ? : Yes - correct . It leaves one later . User : Weeeelllll this no brainer , I 'll just leave the next day and save a whole lotta money ! Can you book this for me right away so I do n't it ? Wizard : It 's booked ! User : Hi there I need to go to North Vancouver please . Wizard : Hello How can I help you with your travel needs ? User : I need to go to Montreal for under 3800 from Valencia Could you help me ? Wizard : Sure I can ! How many will you be travelling with User : Just me . I need to go between September 30 and Tuesday October though Wizard : When would like to travel ? User September 30 to October 4 Wizard : There are no results for trips to Montreal from Valencia User : Oh that 's a shame . I of here then . Goodbye Wizard : Sorry ! User : Hello , I 'd go to Kyoto Wizard : Where will you be coming from ? User : Toronto . 'd like to go sometime between September 17 October 7 please Wizard : Will it be for just you ? User yes . Preferably not than please Wizard : No problem . I would like to recommend you the Sakura Inn . We have a 9 day package this 3.0 star close to the museum that may interest you . User : How much would that ? Wizard : Total would 4199.56 including flights and at the hotel . User And what are the dates for this trip ? Wizard : Sept 24 - Oct 1 User That sounds pretty good . But do you have anything at a more upscale ? Wizard : I presented you our best rated hotel in . Do you want try with another destination ? User : No , that 's fine I 'll take this package . Wizard : Okay ! I booking for you ! Once done , you receive an email notification . User : Great thanks ! : You are welcome ! : Hey I 'd love to bring my kids to go see their who 's currently working in Washington , could find me a flight ? Wizard : Yes ! This will be 1 adult children ? User : please Wizard And where will you fly from ? User : We live in Boston Wizard : Do you have a budget or dates you would like to leave and/or return on ? User : Nah we 're flexible . As long as I can take my kids to go see their mother . Wizard : I am sorry to inform you that we have no flights from Boston to Washington . Is there somewhere else you can fly to ? User : What ! It 's going to be difficult dragging 4 kids around , sure I guess we can try Phoenix instead of Washington . Wizard : Lucky for we have packages for Phoenix . How long would you like your to be ? User : I guess longer packages would great , thanks . Wizard : Okay , longest package 10 days . The hotel is 2.5 stars , with 7.06/10 guest rating , near the airport and a museum , and the hotel provides free breakfast , parking , and wifi . This package is from September 21st to 30th . User : How much would that cost ? Wizard : business or economy flights ? User : I 'm wondering for both please . Wizard : economy it 2167.71 and business is 2556.30 . User : I 'll fly business please ! The kids will have a lot of fun with that . Wizard : Awesome ! Your package has been booked should receive your confirmation email within the next 20 minutes ! Have a great ! User : Thanks ! User Oh man , need a holiday . Wizard : Where would you like go ? User : Hmm in Asia sounds nice . I 'm thinking . Wizard : Where do you need to leave from ? User : Cordoba . Wizard : Do you have a budget ? User : Not , but I only have Monday September 26 to October 14 off . Wizard : Will you be vacationing ? User Yeah , just me Wizard We have 14 September 28th to October at a 3 star hotel near a palace . Would like to know more about the ? User : Wizard : The hotel has a 8.49/10 guest rating and they offer free wifi . User What Ulsan ? I hear it 's nice there . Wizard : We a 12 day package from September 26th to October 6th at 2.5 star hotel near park and . They offer free parking and wifi , and have a guest rating . also have an 8 package the 7th to 13th of October at 5 star 8.8/10 rating and free and wifi . User : Ooh 8 day package in Ulsan sounds nice . How much would that cost ? Wizard business flights it 3960.92 and for economy flights it is 3073.60 . : I ask how much the 14 day package in Fukuoka is please ? : For economy flights it is 2630.86 and for business flights it is 3401.34 . User : Whoa that 's quite a difference ! I 'll take the 14 day package in Fukuoka please . Economy . Wizard Great Consider it booked ! User : Thanks Wizard : Anytime User : friends and I would like to go Belo Horizonte please . : How many will you be total ? And where you coming from ? User : 'll be 10 coming from Guadalajara . If you could find us something really cheap , that would be great Wizard : Do you have a specific budget in mind User : yeah , 1800 dollars . Wizard : Sorry , we actually do n't any current openings in trips to Belo Horizonte Is there somewhere else you would like to go ? User : What ? Seriously ? That ca be possible . Can you double-check ? Wizard : Unfortunately there is nothing for Belo Horizonte right now . : Aw that a shame . A lot will be disappointed . Thanks anyways User : Hey 'd like to bring my family a trip to Kobe . Wizard : Where are you from and how big is the family ? User : would be 4 adults and child . We 'll coming from Hiroshima . Wizard : Before I give you my recommendations , is there a budget 'd like me to stay under ? User : 4400 is our goal budget . Can something good for ? Wizard : We have a fantastic 4.5 star hotel : the Ivory Legacy Hotel . I can take your family 7 days in business class with your . User Wow that sounds amazing . How would it cost us in the end ? For both business and economy ? Wizard : 4130.75 for business and for economy . User : It sounds great . I it I think I 'd like economy . Wizard : Sure no Your trip is for you Sept 23-29 : slightly_smiling_face : : Perfect , thanks ! User : Hi , I NEED to go to Miami ! Wizard : Ok : slightly_smiling_face : Where from ? User : . 'll be 9 adults and 2 kids Wizard : I can ’ t find anything to Miami with many people . Can I try another destination for User : What ? No , Miami is the place I to get to ! There 's amazing pastry recipes at stake ! Are sure about this ? Wizard : leave from somewhere by chance ? User : , there 's too many of us . I think I 'm going to have to use another service . Goodbye Wizard : Sorry . Good luck User : I need a break BADLY . Can I please book a trip to Sao Paulo where hopefully no one will know me Wizard : Sure . Where would you need to leave from ? User Denver Wizard : Will you be travelling alone ? User : Nooooo .... but who I with is a secret . Wizard : Will be 2 adults totally ? User : two of us . Just so you know , I should be back by Sept 15 Wizard : Okay . Do you have a budget or date you would like to leave ? User : Money is no object ... and the sooner the better Wizard : Unfortunately there are no results . User : Can you get us to Punta Cana then ? Wizard : No sorry . User Fine . We will leave from Pittsburgh then . Find us something . PLEASE ! Wizard : There are still no results for this . I am sorry not more of a help ! User : You suck ! Wizard : Please accept ! User : GOODBYE User : I need get to Boston please , it 's emergency . Wizard : Where you currently ? User : 'm in Belo Horizonte . I to leave on Sunday September 18 or later . Is it just you ? Do you have a budget ? User : Yeah just . I 've just spent all money backpacking South America , so I 've only got 2800 left . Can you something with that ? Wizard : ! We have a 12 day trip leaving on the 19th at a star hotel close to the . Does you at ? : Yeah , how does that cost ? Wizard : It 'll be 2417.77 with economy flights User : It sounds good , do you have any other good packages though ? : We have another 12 day trip to 2.5 star hotel with a slightly better guest rating for 2670.57 . Otherwise , we have a 7 day package at a 3 star hotel for . User : Oh no . The first option sounds the best . But when does it leave ? : It leaves on the 19th and returns the 29th . Okay that sounds really good . I 'll take it ! Wizard : Perfect ! It is all booked for you ! User : Awesome , thanks ! Wizard Happy to help : slightly_smiling_face : : Hi there , my team and are thinking of going Monterrey please . Wizard : Ok ! From where ? User : We all work together in Kabul . Wizard : I ’ m sorry , but we not have any trips out of Kabul . User : Oh really ? That 's too bad . I we 'll have to look then . Thank you for your services . Wizard : Yes , sorry I could not be more service . User : I sure This will be my first time travelling by myself so I am nervous . I really need you to help me find the right package . Wizard : Okay ! Where do you need to go ? User : Chicago . I live in Cleveland . Wizard : Do you have a ? User : Yes - 2700 . I need to be thrifty with it . : Okay . Do you have dates of travel in mind ? User : I can only go between Sept 23 . Wizard We have a 9 day package from the 13th to 21st at a 2.5 star hotel near a , museum , university . have a 8.69/10 guest rating provide free parking , breakfast , and . User : How much for this 9 day ? Wizard : 1434.55 for business class flights and 1148.94 for economy class flights . User : Do have a 9 day package in Kyoto and can you tell me it if you ? Wizard : We have a 7 day package from the 16th to 21st for 2159.81 . User : What type of hotel is this ? Wizard : This is a 3 star hotel in the heart of the city and is near a museum . User : Guest rating ? : 6.61/10 User : you check Hamburg for me ? 9 day . Wizard : This is a 12 day package from the 13th to and is a 3 star hotel in the heart of the city , near a museum , and has a 0/10 guest rating , all for 2378.26 . User it meet my dates ? Wizard : Yes your dates are same as this . User : Seems like the 9 day package in Chicago is the best value and it does n't take me too far away from home . Can tell the departure and return dates so I let my boss know Wizard : Departure is the 13th and the return is the 21st . Do you want to book or business ? User : Definitely economy , I 'm a poor intern . : , the for your is 1148.94 economy flights to Chicago . flight has been booked ! Have a great trip ! User : Awesome ! ! ! Thanks ! ! ! User : Hey I need to get here , just need some space to myself ! Wizard : Sure : slightly_smiling_face : Where are you looking to get out of ? User : Seattle ! I just need break from all the performing all those cameras . My best friend will be coming with . We 're of going to Minneapolis Wizard I have a lovely 2.5 star hotel in Minneapolis for a day stay . User : 2.5 stars ? Are you kidding me ? you think I 'm a 2.5 star kind of person ? I think deserve much better that ! Give me the best you got ! Wizard : I only have 2.5 star hotels available in Minneapolis . : 's try Punta Cana then , there 's got be something there ! Wizard : Certainly ! I 3 and 3.5 hotels available in Punta Cana . Which one would you to hear about first ? User : 3.5 only ? I guess if that 's the best you 've got ... I also to get back by October 1st at the latest for my gig . Wizard I have a leaving Sept 26 and returning to Seattle on the 1st ! . days at 3.5 rated Sunrise Elephant Hotel . It has 8.69/10 from past users , near a cathedral a palace and free wifi and parking . User : That sounds pretty good . But do you have anything longer ? No- this is the longest trip available . User : Fine , that 's best got I 'll take it . Wizard Yes , of course . Expect email confirmation shortly . User : Cool ! User : My friends and I love to get to Phoenix please ! Wizard : Where will you be coming from ? And many friends ? User : 'll be 3 of from Tofino . Wizard Sorry , we currently do n't have any trips from . Any chance you can leave from another city ? User : Oh really I guess we can leave from Beijing then . : Unfortunately we also do n't serve trips out of Beijing . Would you have another alternative ? User : We can leave from Beijing though , right ? Wizard : Unfortunately no . We do n't serve flights out of Beijing . Would you be able to leave from somewhere else ? User : I guess I 'll have to elsewhere to book trip Wizard : Sorry I was not able to help ! User : That , we 'll look somewhere else . Bye . User : I 'd love to go to Minneapolis sometime Wizard Oh ! From ? User Goiania . I only have 3300 at the most though Wizard There are two different hotels in Minneapolis available for that budget ! Both are 2.5 stars - one near a park , museum , and mall with 8.22/10 from guests , and the other near a university with guest of 7.15/10 . User : whoa that sounds nice but I want learn more about other trips . what of package can I get if I decide to go to Cancun Wizard : In Cancun I have a day package at a star hotel , a 9 day to a 3.5 star hotel , or 7 day trips to the 4 hotel or a 3 star hotel All within your budget . User Wow the Cancun day sounds . I want to take that package so badly . Wizard Ok ! I will book it for you . User : No no 'm not ready to book it ! I want to check out Toronto first please Wizard : In Toronto there is a 10 day trip at a 3 star hotel , two 7 day packages to different 3 star hotels , or 5 day trips to 3 4 star hotels . User : That sounds good but not as good . I 'm just going to think about it and get back to you . I do n't really have any days off at the moment . Thanks for all help . Bye ! Wizard : Goodbye User : Hello , need your ... my wife is super strict and she 's put me in charge of the family vacation . We have $ 4000 to spend . Find me something good ! How many people will be traveling ? User : 2 adults and one child Wizard : Where would you like to go ? User : Let 's look at Hiroshima first Wizard : Okay . where will be leaving from User Minneapolis Wizard : Do you have dates of travel in mind ? User Sept 20 Wizard : Unfortunately there no results within your budget . User : what of we 1000 ? Wizard : That does n't help , sorry User : Okay let 's at Belem for under 4000 ? Wizard : There no results for either . User : : pray : St . Petersburg ? ! ? Wizard : Nothing available . User : Seriously ! Wizard : Yes . am sorry I am not more helpful . User : will go somewhere else , thanks anyway Wizard : Okay . Sorry ! luck ! User : Hi there , I 'd like to take my grandkids on vacation to Brasilia . Wizard Hi there ! Many destinations are calling for you : slightly_smiling_face : : We 'd like to go to Brasilia please . 4 kids , 1 adult : Sure ! Where from ? : We 're from Cana I like to bring them while they 're out of school , sometime between Wednesday September 14 and October would be great . Wizard : Sorry , we do not offer any trips from Punta Cana to Brasilia . Is there you 'd like to take them ? : Oh I guess Alexandria would be good .. We 've only got 4900 dollars though keep in mind . : Sure With that can place you and grandchildren a 3 star hotel near the university for 6 days . This hotel has a fantastic guest rating of 8.86/10 and free parking , free breakfast , and free during your . User : That sounds good but do you have any longer packages ? I want the kids have much fun as possible ! Wizard : If you had destination in mind , I can help you check for the trips available there ! User : Well , we could also consider Paulo ... Wizard : For Sao Paulo I a 9 day trip ! , it is at a 2.0 star hotel . Are you interested in hearing about this option ? User : No I think the star hotel Alexandria sounds pretty good , you . Could you please book it for us ? Wizard : Yup Consider it done : : Hope you have good trip ! User : you ! Wizard : You 're most welcome ! User : I one adult travelling to Do you have any flights out Osaka Wizard : I will check what our . First , Do you have a budget ? User This is a business trip . have budget of 6900 Wizard : would you like to leave and/or ? User to 30 Wizard : alone ? User : yes like I said `` I am one adult `` I am my secretary to do this next time something cause time = $ Wizard : Are you looking for a certain rating for hotels or location of hotel ? User : who you , the Grand Inquisitor ! ? GET ME THE BEST FOR MONEY THIS IS BUSINESS EXPENSE User : Hey I need get to San Juan to bring a recipe back to my hometown of Paris . be me and my 4 kids , can me ? Wizard : Certainly ! How a 14 day stay at The Brass Tower Inn sound ? It has a 7.06/10 guest rating , breakfast wifi , and is situated near a market . User : How much does it cost I can only spend a total of 7600 . Wizard : That cost 7810.25USD . User : Is there a better that suits my budget ? . Wizard : I have one package available your . It would be an day stay at Supreme Seaside Inn Suites , a 2.5 star hotel near a park and mall . It has free and free wifi The cost would $ 6810 . User : It does n't sound bad . But if I add another my budget , think you can something better for ? Wizard : Yes - I find you the package I mentioned earlier for 7810.25 USD . User : I guess if it the best you can do ... I 'll take it . Wizard : I also have 13 day stay at Fairyland for 8438.46USD . is a 4 star hotel near shopping , , and a market with a 8.98 guest rating . Free is . User : that 's amazing . I think 'll take that one . Wizard : Ok ! will confirm booking with a confirmation email User : Fantastic ! Thank you . Wizard : My pleasure : slightly_smiling_face : User : Hi ! I am very excited ! ! ! Wizard That 's great news ! How can I help your day better ? User : Help me find and a hotel Chicago ! ! ! ! Wizard : From where ? User : Fortaleza ! ! ! Wizard : Do you a budget ? User : 2600 but I really do n't want to spend it ! ! ! Wizard : I 'll see what I can do . When would you like to leave User : I can only do my internship between Sept 13 and 23 Wizard : Travelling alone ? User : Yesssss ! ! ! the very first time ! ! ! Wizard : We have an 8 day package from the 13th to 19th at a 2.5 star hotel near a and university . The hotel has a 8.69/10 guest rating and free parking , breakfast , and . This trip has economy class flights for 1637.45 and business class flights for 2048.81 . User : That sounds pretty good me but since I am at this and travelling alone for the time I to look ALL my options . What about flights and hotels to Detroit ? Wizard : We have an 8 day stay from the 16th to 23rd at a 3 star hotel near a park . The hotel has a guest rating and offers free , breakfast , and wifi . The cost of this package is 2265.38 and it is only available in economy . User : What about in Santo Domingo ? Wizard : We have no results for Santo Domingo : It really be better if I was the university . Do you have anything in Detroit near the university ? : I do n't else to offer in Detroit User : That decides then , I 'll take the one in Chicago ! ! ! How I book it ? Wizard : Would you like to book Business economy User : Definitely economy Wizard : Ok ! Consider done You receive the email shortly . Have a great day and enjoy the trip : Thank you ! ! ! hugging_face : Wizard Come again time you want to book a trip User : I 'm , thanks . have an important business meeting in Juan . Wizard : When do you need to get there ? where are from ? User : Anytime be good . I 'll be flying from Buenos Aires . Wizard : does an 11 day stay at 4 star hotel sound ? This trip runs Sept 14 - 24 User : sounds really good , but much does it cost ? : With economy it would be 2774.28 and with flights it would be 3583.43 . User : That 's even better than I expected . Sounds like a fantastic deal . I will take it and at business class please . Wizard : Done ! Your trip is booked for you ! out for confirmation email coming your way ! User : you very much . Wizard : problem ! Have a good trip ! User : Hey , my buddy and I want to have the best of our lives Wizard : ! are you looking to go ? User : We 're thinking of going to Rome , we hear 's the hottest place to be . Wizard : And where you leaving from ? User : Santa Cruz . We 've got though , that should be enough for an awesome trip ! Wizard : I have 9 day packages for you available at the unrated Secret Bay or the 4 star Hotel Grand Residence ! Are you interested in hearing more about these ? User : The 4 star sounds great , me more ! Wizard It has a 8.8/10 guest rating , free breakfast and free wifi , and is close to shopping and a cathedral . User : That sounds good , how much that ? Wizard : 7460.60USD to fly business class or 5744.51USD for economy . User : That 's definitely within our budget ! I 'm curious about one city though . Could you just check for us please ? Wizard : In Philadelphia I have Mirror Inn for 15 days . It is a star hotel near a and a museum , has free parking , breakfast , and , and has 6.61/10 as a user rating . : the deal sounds much better . Wizard Ok ! The Hotel Grand Residence ? Would you like to fly or economy class ? User : Yes that one please . Business class all way ! Woo ! : - please for a confirmation email . stay : : User : Awesome , thanks ! Wizard : pleasure ! User : Hi we live Miami are trying to plan our next vacay , can you help ? Wizard : Yes ! Where would you like to go from Miami User : Brasilia : you have a budget ? User : 2100 buckaroonies Wizard How many people are travelling ? User : my wife me and our baby : Do you have dates for travel ? User S to O Wizard have no flights User : okaaaay about to Tijuana then ? Wizard : Nothing for this either User : Hamburg ? Wizard : No results showing . User : Do you know who can contact that actually offers these destinations ? Wizard : Ca n't help you there . User : UGH Wizard : Sorry . User : Hey I 'm thinking of going from Petersburg Hamburg you help me ? Wizard : I 'd love help ! When do you need to User : Anytime between September 14 and 27 would be good . Wizard : Will it be just you ? User : yep ! Wizard : I have fantastic ! It is at the a 4.0 star hotel in the heart of Hamburg for 10 days User : Oh really , that sounds very good . are the dates and how much does it cost ? Wizard : It 17th to the 26th and costs 3494.54 with business flights and 2740.40 with flights . User : Wow that 's excellent . Do you mind if I just ask about another city ? I 'm thinking about going Indianapolis ... Wizard : No problem ! Unfortunately we do n't have anything for Indianapolis your parameters . Are you or budget flexible ? User : Oh that 's fine , I 'll just stick to since it 's already a great deal anyway ! I 'll book the economy package . Wizard : Okay it is booked for you ! 2740.40 will be charged to your account . Anything else I can do for today ? User : No , that 's good . Thanks for helping me out Wizard : You 're very welcome ! User : I need to find a nice travel package that is available between and Friday Sept 16 Wizard : Do you a budget ? User : 2900 Wizard : you have a destination in mind ? User : as long as I from Cordoba Wizard : Travelling alone ? User : yes Wizard : We have two results . A 6 day package Tampa the 11th to 16th , and a day package Atlanta from the 12th to 16th . User : can only leave the 12th . So tell me more about the option please Wizard : It is a 3 star hotel near the beach , 7.15/10 guest rating , free parking and wifi , economy flights , and the cost is 2801.25 . User : No breakfast ? Wizard : No unfortunately . : I guess that okay , I 'll take it Wizard : Great ! Booked ! Have a nice day ! User : Hi there , we 're looking to go on a family vacation and we 'll be leaving from Cancun . We do n't have a destination in mind though and so I was helping you 'd help us with that . Wizard : Sure ! Can you let me know how many will you be ? It 'll also be helpful to know if you have dates or budgets in mind . User : We 'll 3 adults and 4 kids , and we 're looking for something between September 10 and Wednesday September . A package that is n't over 25500 would be Wizard : Alright that 's plenty to start with ! I can take you guys to Rio de Janeiro , Buenos Aires , Boston , Seattle , or . These are our longer trips at 19 days long . If you are in trips , I can search for that too . User : Long with highly rated hotels ? about that ? Wizard : Well of the options above , Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aires have star hotels , Frankfurt has 4.5 star hotel , and Seattle has a 5 star hotel . User : Ooh let 's Frankfurt then . Tell me more . Wizard In Frankfurt it will be a day from the 12th to the 27th , during which will enjoy free breakfast and free wifi . Guests in the past have praised the with an average 8.86/10 rating . User : No museum or shopping mall nearby for kids to check out ? Wizard : It does not specific of interest nearby the hotel in database . the kids do get to enjoy free wifi . User : Oh that 's alright then hopefully we 'll find something ! How much would that cost ? Wizard : offer the regular package for 17460.9 and business upgrade 22510.83 . : Okay great , we 'll take the economy package for that please . Wizard : Sure thing ! I will book it for you . Hope have a great vacation : slightly_smiling_face User Thanks ! User : Oh god are so many places I want to go but I do know which to from . Wizard : Let ’ s start with one place - where you ’ like to leave from ! User : Oh I 'm Santo Domingo . Wizard : Ok you have any destinations in mind or would you like me suggest a ? User : I a few in mind I hear Queenstown is great very historical . Let start Wizard : And do you budget ? User Nah , not really It 's flexible . Wizard : Any dates mind ? : Oh yes ! September to Wednesday September 28 Wizard : Ok ! I have Emerald Mountain Hotel from Sept 18th-28th . This is a 4 hotel near a museum with a 8.22/10 guest rating . The facility hosts free parking , free breakfast , and unlimited wifi use at extra charge . User : Wow that good . I 'm definitely keeping that one in mind . I have to say though , I 'm also curious about St. Louis . Wizard : Sorry , have within your date range User : Oh that 's fine . How about Columbus ? : I have 5 7 day trips to Crown Jungle Inn available . It is a 2.5 star hotel near the beach and a palace . It has a 8.49/10 guest and provides free parking and wifi . : Ah Queenstown still sounds much better . Wizard : Shall I Queenstown for you ? User : Hmmm can I just ask about one more destination please ? I 'm also thinking about Busan . Wizard : I have one hotel in Busan - the Smile Hotel . You stay 9 days this 3 hotel a and museum with free parking , free breakfast , and free wifi all included . User : How much be and how much would the Queenstown one be ? Wizard : This Busan package would cost 4840.13USD with economy class flights . User : And the Queenstown one ? : The Queenstown package price is 2443.66USD if you fly economy class . : Whoa , huge difference I think have a clear winner then . Queenstown it is ! Wizard : Ok ! I ’ ll ahead book that . User : , thanks ! Wizard My pleasure : User : I to a business trip 4 potential large clients and I , Leaving from Philadelphia Wizard : , Where would you like to go and when ? User : It does n't matter where as long as it is big and impressive , the of the . After 25 . Wizard : The best is a day stay at a 4 star hotel from September to October 14th . User : 's the guest rating on ? Wizard : 8.8/10 and the hotel is in Rome . User : Is it close to any interesting ? Wizard : Shopping and a cathedral . : If I make it a 5 day stay , can you find something nicer ? I have unlimited Wizard : We have another 4 star hotel , 5 day package from the 29th of September to the 3rd of October . The hotel has a 8.98/10 guest rating , is close to a museum shopping , and a market , and offers free wifi . User : What city is this one in ? Wizard : San Juan User : San Juan is cool . Is this one available business class flights and how much is it ? : Yes it is , it would be 9503.73 . What about the 20 day package in Rome ? Wizard : 18762.47 business flights . User : I book San Juan package business class flights , 20 days is much too with my clients Wizard : Great ! It booked ! Have a great trip and good luck User : Thank you User : , I 'd love a trip from Recife to Barcelona please , you help me Wizard Sure ! When would you like to go ? User : I 'm flexible with that , just I have 4500 spend on this trip ! : Are you planning on traveling alone ? User : Yeah , just me . Wizard : Okay , I have for you a 3 star hotel in the heart of Barcelona with a guest rating . We have several packages that for your budget and the longest is 16 days . User : Sure I 'll take the longest then . Could you give more info ? What else is included ? Wizard : Included in the price is parking and unlimited . You will also have easy access to nearby such as an university and a park . User : Ok much is it then Wizard : 3188.16 , or 4086.16 if you want to to business . User You know what ? I 'll take first class . Wizard Sounds good ! have processed the booking for you and you all set to go slightly_smiling_face : User : Excellent , thank you very much . Wizard : My pleasure ! User : Hi there , I 'm looking to go to Brasilia September 30 and October 4 , could you help me ? Wizard : Yes ! Where are you leaving from ? User : Portland Wizard : Ok , and will you be travelling ? User : yes Wizard : And you got a budget ? User : Yes , I 'm looking for not more than 2000 . Wizard : I can ’ t offer anything in Brasilia direct from Portland , is there another destination I could check User : Nothing ? Nothing at all ? Wizard : Nothing . User : Okay then . 'm off . Wizard : Bye ! User : My name is Stephen King and I want to book a quiet getaway Wizard : Ok , where would you like go ? User : Kyoto crazy noisy St. Louis Wizard : Do you have a budget ? : 5400 for the 3 of us Wizard : All adults ? User : my and son will coming with me but he is 18 Wizard : Okay . Do you have dates in ? User : I need 12 days finish my book and we can anytime : There are no results . User Try Leon instead please heard it 's quiet there too Wizard : There results for either . User : what if we only stay 9 at either Kyoto or Leon , can find me something ? Wizard There are no results . User : thank User : We are a large family wanting to travel together to Fortaleza , what can you do for us ? Wizard : How many people ? User : 4 adults and little itty bitty ones Wizard : . Where are you leaving from/ User : Frankfurt : Do you have a budget ? User : Between us we 've got 19900 we up Wizard : When you like to ? User : Anytime is good for us ! Wizard Would like to go for or 6 days ? User : Can we go to a nice place 10 days for 19900 ? Wizard It 's a 3 star hotel with a 9.32/10 guest , near a and . They also offer parking , breakfast , and wifi . : I like the guest rating on that ! Do you know if there 's pool for little ones ? : I not have this information User : How much is this one ? Wizard 15057.55 for economy and 19308.18 for business and this package is from September 21st 29th . User : Allrighty we will book the economy and the rest for a day ! Thank you kindly . Wizard : ! It is , have a great trip ! User : hey , we 're having a family trip . Think you can help us Wizard : Of course : slightly_smiling_face : How many ? User : 13 kids and 13 adults ! Big family eh ? Wizard : Yes , indeed ! Where are travelling to and from ? User 'll be going to Santa Cruz from Please get us the very best : Wizard I ’ t book any out of Tofino unfortunately . User : Oh no , really Wizard : . Sorry . User : Oh no , the children will be so disappointed . All 13 of them . Wizard Sorry . User : , I to get back home Milan ! : Where are you currently ? User : Monterrey ! I on Monday September 26 or after Wizard : I have quite a few options here for you . Do you have a budget in mind User : Yeah I 've only got 2400 'cause I spent too much it travelling for the last month already . Wizard : we do have anything that works with your disappointed : you want to try leaving from or going to else ? : Oh really ? How about if I from Berlin ? Wizard : Berlin will work ! We have an 8 day trip on the 26th and 13 day trip leaving on Oct . Which would you prefer ? User : As soon as possible much is it ? Wizard : The one leaving the 26th is only $ 957.64 . User : What ! That 's . I 'll take . : This trip has been reserved for ! Anything else you need today ? User : I have a CRUCIAL meeting with my in Santa Cruz , you MUST get there Wizard : Where will you leave from ? User : Santiago Wizard Do you have a budget User : Not Santa Cruz Wizard : Are traveling alone ? User : To Santa Cruz yes Wizard When you like to ? User : Anytime , I 'll the meeting once I get my flights confirmed Wizard : We have no flights from Santiago to Santa Cruz User : Okay I thought that may be the case so have a back-up plan . Fly me to Washington from Santiago with my 5 then . No than 2600 though Wizard : There are still no results . User : Can you try Tofino then ? For of us Wizard : Budget ? User : 2000 Wizard : Nothing . User : Ridiculous User : Hi I 've got 9 days free and I 'm for a . I live in . Wizard : Absolutely ! Where do you want to go and when do you to there ? User : No , dates or places in mind . Was hoping you could me . Something as cheap as possible . Wizard : Do you a budget ? User : Just something crazy cheap . Wizard : I 9 at Cosmos Inn Kingston for $ 2764 . User : That 's not crazy cheap Wizard I ca n't accomodate your request User what the cheapest you got ? Wizard : The package I can see at this point is to Mexico City for . User : How about a budget of $ 400 ? Wizard : I have one trip under - days at the Crown Jungle Inn in Columbus for 399.8USD User : Yes let 's go with that ! Wizard Ok ! I will go ahead and book it for you . Would you like further information first ? User : No , it sounds good . I 'll take it . : Ok , consider booked Please for confirmation User : Thanks ! User : I need to get to Fortaleza on September 8th or soon after ! Wizard : Where are you coming from ? User : . I only have 2300 but I need the best hotel ! Wizard : Will it be just ? User : yes just me , it 's for work , need take some very important people Wizard : Well , we have two 3 star in Fortaleza . One has guest ratings 8.69/10 . The other 7.15/10 Are you ? User : The 8.69 then ! how long is the ? Wizard It 's 18 days leaving on the 12th User : Great , how much is it ? : 1763.55 with economy flight seats or 2242.69 with business flight seats . User What happens if I increase to 3300 ... could I get a 4 star hotel with that ? Wizard : no . We only have the two 3 star hotels in Fortaleza . : Ok , I 'll stick with the 18 package . Economy please ! Wizard : It is booked for ! Hope you have a pleasant ! : Thanks User : We 're finally on vacation is n't that amazing ? have lots of money- 15600 even Wizard : Where to ? User Anywhere ! Just get out of Cleveland ! Wizard : How people ? User : 14 total , can you believe it ? Wizard : adults ? User : nope 7 adults Wizard : When would you like to ? User : Sept 12 and we all to be back by the 1st Wizard : Our best is 12 days in at a 3 star hotel from the to 30th . The hotel is close to the airport and , they have a 6.91/10 guest rating and offer free breakfast and wifi . The for business is 9043.35 and for economy . : Not big on SL ... got anything else ? Wizard : New York , San Antonio , Dublin , Indianapolis , and Fort Lauderdale User : What can you give us in Indianapolis ? Wizard : , beach , shopping , 6.37/10 guest , free parking , breakfast , wifi , 13th to 29th , 7983.43 for economy , and 9596.90 for business . : Not ... Lauderdale ? Wizard : 2 star hotel near market , 8.22/10 guest rating , free parking , breakfast and , 14th to , 10656.19 , economy . User : Nice guest rating but 2 star is just way low , plus it 's more expensive . SL makes more sense . Is it $ 7573.39 for all 14 of us ? : yes . User : Can give me the departure time please i can let everyone know ? Wizard : 3 pm for departure . User : Those times reasonable with kids . I guess I will reserve that one do you need from me ? Wizard : You will receive a confirmation email soon where you can give us information and payment . Have a great trip User : Fantastic . Thanks a bunch ! Wizard : No problem User : Hi , I 'm looking for a place to get away my best friend . Do you think can give an amazing package ? Wizard : Sure ! Where are you looking to go ? And can you tell me where ’ d be departing from ? User We 're leaving from and we 're of going to Santos . Wizard : Sorry , no can do . I ’ t offer any trips to or from Tofino . User really ? Do n't you know who I am ? Wizard : I can not book trips out of Tofino . User : Fine if you 're going to be like that ... I guess we can leave from Frankfurt . Wizard I have a variety of 3 3.5 star hotel in Santos for you . When would you like to travel ? User : Is 3.5 stars the best you can do ? Are you serious ? about if we go to St. Louis then Wizard : In St. Louis I also have 3 and 3.5 star hotels . User : What 's the most highly hotel you have ? Wizard : Palacio in St. Louis has from users . User : What more can you tell about this package Wizard : The hotel is near airport and a theatre , it provides free parking and wifi , and complimentary breakfast is . User : How much is it ? does it come September 12th ? Because that 's when I need get in order to perform . Wizard : 3662.78USD with economy class flights . You would Frankfurt 16th and return on the 25th . User : okay , I 'm talking business class here . Do I look like economy class type of person to you ? What do you take for ? Wizard : A business class package would cost 4709.76USD . User : Cut the attitude and stop treating me like a second-class citizen . 'll take this package but that 's the last time 'm ever going to use your services Wizard : will send along booking confirmation . Thank you for using ! : I to book a trip for the whole family from Tampa but we do n't know where to Can you help us ? Wizard : Sure ! How many are you and what 's your budget ? User : 5 adults and 7 kids ! Yup , the lot of us . want to spend no than 32800 . Wizard you any date constraints ? User : Oh yes ! Between September 12 and 26 ! Wizard : In that case I like to recommend you our best deal : a 15 day stay at a prestigious 4 star hotel in Queenstown with , wifi , and parking during your entire . For the family it will just be 31122.0 . User : That sounds amazing , and it 's within those ? Is that economy class ? Wizard : Yup it 's from the 12th to the 25th , and it will be economy class User : Ok perfect , book me Wizard : Consider it done ! Have a good trip : slightly_smiling_face : User : Thanks ! Wizard : My pleasure !